Welcome to the most comprehensive N8N
course, where I take you from a real
beginner in AI automation [music] to
someone who's actually able to build
automations and AI agents for themselves
or for other businesses. And in case we
haven't met, my name is Michele, and
over the past 12 months, we've helped
over 40 businesses implement AI and
automations and taught over 20,000
people in the process. All starting with
zero technical knowledge. So, we're
going to go through everything from
understanding
>> [music]
>> what is AI automation to setting up your
own N8N account, understanding how to
build stronger and faster, more AI
automations and AI agents, and finally,
actually building systems step-by-step.
[music]
By the end, you'll be an AI automations
and AI agents expert, and you'll know
exactly how to build systems that drive
real business value. So, the course
itself is split into six different
modules. Module one is getting started
with N8N foundations. We'll go through
exactly what automation even is to
understanding how you can set up
everything within N8N and build your
first automation. Module two is [music]
core N8N foundations, using automation
logic and APIs, and walking you through
exactly how automation really works in
the backend. Module three is AI agent
fundamentals, and really understanding
how AI agents work. Module four is
building smarter AI systems, using
frameworks and prompts, which allow our
automations and AI agents to make sure
that everything that we build is
actually scalable, tangible, and can
actually be implemented into a business.
Module five is real-world AI agent
projects, end-to-end builds, showing you
exactly different use cases within a
business that you can implement [music]
AI agents, and showing you how I build
it step-by-step. And module six is
real-world AI workflow projects,
end-to-end builds, [music] where I show
you exactly how we now not only just use
AI agents, but use entire workflows to
be able to implement into a business,
and showing you how I build different
use cases step-by-step. By the way, if
you want access to all the resources
that we're going to be talking about in
this video, plus being part of a
community of over 3,000 people who are
actually building automations every
single day and growing their own
businesses, check the second link down
below. I'm going to leave all the
timestamps down below in case you want
to skip through some modules or go to
the direct part, or even come back to
this video uh because I know it's really
long. Um so, without further ado, let's
dive in.
All right, before we jump into N8N,
let's talk about what is automation.
Automation is the process of using
technology to do tasks without you.
Whether it's AI agents, whether it's
workflows, whether it's all this stuff,
that's exactly what it is. It's using
softwares
to be able to do things without you.
Now, every day, we all perform many
regular ad-hoc tasks. Ad-hoc just means
that it's repetitive. Whether you are a
working professional, whether you are a
business owner, whether that's in sales,
marketing, operations, finance, or
business management, we all have
different parts of the business that we
have to do because that's what drives
the business forward. But the problem
is, these tasks are repetitive, so they
happen every single time. They're
no-to-low brainer, so they're not that
hard to do.
They're low value addition, so you do
them, but they don't add that much value
into your day. And most importantly,
they're effort and time consuming. So,
you do them, they take a ton of time,
you don't want to do them, they are
repetitive, they're very easy, and so
the solution is automation. Now, you
might not be fully conscious of it, but
automation actually plays a big role in
our everyday lives. For example, when we
have a meeting in our school community,
so we have two weekly calls. One is a
weekly huddle, the other one is a vibe
coding session. When the meeting is 1
hour away, then it sends a notification
over email to my school members. Or
Netflix. When you watch a certain type
of movie, then Netflix recognizes that,
so it says, "Hey, he watched this movie,
that means he must like something else,
right?" And it gives you a
recommendation. That is automation,
because it automates the process of you
having to find the movie that you like
in yourself.
Or a coffee machine. And you might be
asking yourself, how does a coffee
machine even play a role in this? Well,
just hear me out. Whenever a coffee
machine finishes making the coffee, then
the timer finishes. And lastly, ChatGPT,
right? Because when you give a prompt to
ChatGPT, then it gives you the output,
right? Now, ChatGPT is a bit different
just because it's non-deterministic. So,
non-deterministic means that one series
of input. So, you can say, "Hey, can you
do this for me?" And it does something
else. You can say the exact same thing,
and it might do it differently next
time, right? Because you can't determine
the output that you get. But at the end
of the day, everything is automation.
Now, I don't know if you noticed the way
that I was actually explaining these
concepts, but we actually use a very
simple principle, which is if this, then
that. So, if we have X, then it goes to
either A and B. If it's B, it goes to
either E and F. If it's A, then it goes
to either C and D. And that is exactly
how automation works. Everything and
everything is built on logic, right?
Whether you're building code, whether
you're using automations, whether you're
using N8N, make.com, Zapier, Power
Automate, all these tools, they're all
built on logic. If this happens or when
this happens, then you do this. And the
question then becomes, what can
automation do for you? Well, as a
business owner or an individual, it
increases productivity and efficiency,
which means that you can do more with
less, more leverage. You save time to do
other things, right? Because automation
for a business means that they can now
focus on other areas of the business.
Has an increase of availability, cuz
automation doesn't need holidays, they
don't need any emotional support,
they're always there working 24/7. You
can scale with less resources. And by
the way, we've come to a point where
automation allows us to be able to build
a one-person company, as you might have
heard. Uh but it's all because of the
softwares and technologies that is out
there. All because of automation.
And it's more robust and less errors,
especially when it comes to the
repetitive tasks that you have to do
every single time. Cuz if you are
anything like me, when I do something
over and over again, I get tired, and my
quality of output goes down, right? And
so, with automation, it's consistent.
And with that said, let's jump into N8N.
All right, so this right here is N8N.
Now, all you have to do to get to this
page is go to n8n.io, and you'll have
this dashboard. Now, as you can see
here, it's a flexible AI workflow
automation for technical teams that
allows us to be able to build
automations without needing to know how
to code. Now, the automation can vary,
right? Depending on what you're using
it. IT, security, dev,
sales, you can do a bunch of stuff
within this exact platform, and it
allows us to have so much flexibility
around what we build. As well as
plugging it to over 500 integrations,
which is a bit lower than other
platforms, but it still allows us to be
able to speak to different softwares all
together. And also, it has the ability
for us to code when you need it, the UI
when you don't, which means that you can
go either way, which is why I mentioned
that it's flexible in what we do,
because it's great for two kinds of
people. All right, so if I go to pricing
right here, I can see how much we
actually have to spend to be using N8N.
Now, N8N does not have a free plan on
the cloud version, right? Cloud version.
Now, if you're a beginner to N8N, you
have probably heard about self-hosting
versus cloud hosting. Cloud hosting just
means that you just use N8N within the
cloud. Literally just here. On Chrome,
on Safari, whatever it is. But we do
have the option to self-host, which
means that we create our own server, and
we self-hosted in our own server, so we
don't have to pay. Now, don't worry, I'm
going to show you exactly how to
self-host as well in the next few
videos, so you'll have that, too. Now,
for the cloud hosting version, which is
the one that most people use, we don't
have a free plan, but we have a starter
plan, pro, business, and enterprise.
Now, most people use the 24 euro plan,
which is, I believe, about 30 bucks. And
the way that N8N actually prices us is
through workflow executions, which I'll
speak about in just a second. But we do
have the ability for us to start a free
trial with no credit card required,
which allows us to test N8N for about 14
days before we have to upgrade to a paid
plan.
And here, we have one shared project,
five concurrent executions, unlimited
users, 50 AI workflow build credits, and
forum support, which is more than enough
for what we need. Now, if you are
building N8N for a bigger company and
you want more workflow executions, then
you're most likely going to be using the
pro plan, which is 60 euros a month.
Now, honestly, this is not super cheap,
but when you think about the concept of
how they actually price their
automations, it is much better than any
other platform that I've seen before.
And same thing here, but it has a bit
more stuff when it comes to the actual
plan. All right, so for you, just press
start free trial right here, then we can
start filling out the form.
And then you can press start a free
14-day trial.
Go through the onboarding questionnaire
right here,
where they ask you a few questions just
so they get to know you a little bit
more, okay?
Podcast, submit. And you can also invite
members into your workspace. Let's just
press skip. And now our workspace is
starting up. Now, I do really like the
onboarding um sequence that N8N has.
It's really, really quick, and it's
really, really easy to follow. Now,
because you're watching this video,
there's no need to press this video
right here, cuz I'll show you everything
that you have to know. Uh but it is a
pretty good starting video as well. And
this guy is a legend.
>> [laughter]
>> All right, once the workspace is ready,
just press start automating, which will
take you to
a dashboard that looks like this. So,
welcome to N8N. Now, on the top, you get
to see that you have 14 days left on
your free trial, and you have 8,000
executions, which is again the way that
N8N charges you. And then on the top,
you have upgrade now, which is a button
to upgrade. I'm going to press X, and
now we have this page. All right, so on
the top right here, we have a dashboard
that allows us to visualize the numbers.
So, I can actually press inside each one
and be able to see
the different graphs. Now, production
executions just mean that, "Hey, how
many executions?" So, how many times did
our automation run every single 7 days?
How many times did the automation run,
but it didn't work? Then out of all the
executions that didn't run in the past 7
days, how many of them did not work,
which is this percentage right here? And
then, how much time did you save, or how
much time did the workspace save with
these automations in place, which is
good to have, but at the same time, it
isn't super accurate, cuz to understand
how much time you saved for a company or
for yourself, N8N needs to know how much
time did you take in the first place to
do it, right? Because then you're saving
them that much time. And lastly, run
time. So, for how long are the
automation running? Now, right here, and
on the top as well, you have the ability
to create a workflow, and this is how
you start from scratch. This is how you
start building. Now, before we get to
that, we have workflows here, then we
have credentials right here, which is
the ability for us to be able to add
credentials for the different software
APIs. Now, if you have no clue what APIs
are, it's how automations are basically
happening, how they're
existent. I'm going to go through APIs
in much more detail in the later stages
of the video, so don't worry. But here,
we're basically adding the username and
password for each software. So, we
always have it here. We don't have to
re-upload it again. It's always a
repository of passwords.
Then we have executions, so we can see
all the executions, which is, "Hey, this
automation just run." It logs it, so you
have everything logged and uh secured
here, which is great. And lastly, it's
data tables. Now, I'm going to dive into
data tables in this module, I believe,
or next module, um where I show you
exactly how you can use data tables, how
they're powerful, how they're better
than using tools like Google Sheets and
Airtable or Notion. So, we'll dive into
that. Now, without further ado, let's
press start from scratch, or you can
press create a workflow. All right, and
once you get to this dashboard, you'll
be introduced with two different
options. The first one is adding a first
step, which is adding a first step
manually right here, trigger, which is
the first step of the actual workflow
automation,
or you can start using build with AI.
Now, build with AI is only something
that, depending on when you're watching
this video, it only came out about a
month ago, but when I press this button
right here, it takes me to this right
page right here. Now, the good thing
about n8n is that it has two different
types of support. It has the support
where you can ask any questions about
anything, and you can simply type any
message here, and it will give you an
answer, sort of like an n8n coach that
helps you when you're building your AI
agents or automations.
And then we have the feature, which is
build. Now, build again is something
that recently came out, but it allows us
to actually give it a prompt, so we can
tell it, "Hey, what would you like to
automate?"
And it actually builds the thing. I'm
going to just do this real quick, so you
get to see exactly uh how it looks. I'm
going to say, "AI agent that drafts
my emails." And we have only 20 credits
a month to use.
I'm going to press go. As you can see
now, this is thinking.
It's searching through the nodes. I'll
explain exactly what a node is.
Essentially, it's a step in an
automation. It's getting the node
details, so it's understanding exactly
automations in n8n, understanding which
steps to put together and what. On the
left-hand side, you get to see that this
is working.
Now, you get to see that it's adding the
different steps of the automation. And
the best way to describe this is that
it's searching through a puzzle.
It's understanding exactly what pieces
do I need for the puzzle, and then it's
getting the pieces, and then it's
putting the pieces together right here,
and then it's connecting, making
connections inside those pieces, which
we have right here.
And now we can start using the
automation. Now, I'm going to delete
this and start from scratch, because I
want to show you exactly what it looks
like without the build with AI. As you
can see now, we have no option to build
with AI. We just have the first step.
So, when I press this, I can see that on
the right-hand side, it asks us, "What
triggers this workflow?" Now, a trigger,
like I mentioned before, is the first
thing that starts the automation. Now,
in n8n, we have the ability to trigger
manually, so we can manually trigger
this. We just press this button right
here, which is execute workflow, which
means that we are starting the
automation, and it executes manually.
We're able to trigger from an app event.
So, something happens within any of
these apps, we can get notified,
and then it starts the automation. And
there's about 500 apps here, a bit lower
than other platforms, but n8n is
constantly adding it here, which is
great. We have on a schedule. This is in
case you want to start your automations
maybe once a day, or you want to run it
once a week, or every other Tuesday on a
July, you can do this. You can do on
webhook call. Now, a webhook is
something that I'm going to explain in
the later stage of the video, but it's
something that we use when we want to
get notified when something happens.
We have on form submission, which is for
us to be able to use forms inside of
n8n, so that when someone submits the
form, it then sends us the information
inside the form, and then we can start
the automation. Then we can do when
executed by another workflow, so we can
actually have a workflow that calls
another automation, right? So, workflow
calls another workflow and then brings
it data back.
Then we have on chat message, in case we
want to create a chatbot within n8n.
Then we have when running evaluation, so
this is in case you want to test the
performance of your workflow or of your
AI agent. And then you can do other ways
as well, which in this case, it's using
other different service. Now, I will
cover this in the later stages of the
video, but understand that a trigger is
just the first step of the automation.
Because let's say we do it manually, now
we have the ability to then add the next
steps. And so, when we have the first
step here, the way that this works is
that we have this connected to another
step right here, and I can choose the
next step. In this case, we have the
ability to use AI in our workflows. We
have the ability to use any
applications, so any softwares, the
ability to transform any data right
here, the ability for us to have some
sort of routing, which means that if we
send the automation one way if this
happens, the other way if something
happens. And again, all these things
might look complex because you're new to
n8n, but trust me, they're much easier
when you actually put them into
practice. We have core, which is using
code, HTTP, webhooks, a bunch of stuff
that you shouldn't worry about now, and
human in the loop, which is another
feature that I'll be explaining. So, we
have the first step, then we have the
next step. So, let's say I want to talk
to Notion
or Google Sheets. Let's say Google
Sheets.
Now, we are introduced with Google
Sheets, and these are all the actions
that we can do within that software,
right? So, with every software that we
have, let's say it's even Gmail. If I
press on the actual software, I can see
that all the actions that I can do
within that software. I can add a label
to message, delete a message, get a
message, get many messages. I can do a
bunch of stuff within each software,
which is where automation truly shines,
because it does the things that we don't
want to do, or that we don't have to do.
And so, let's say I wanted to go back to
Google Sheets, I can just press Google
Sheets here, action in app, which you
find again right here, action in app.
So, then
I can go Google Sheets.
I can choose the action that we want to
take, which is append a row.
And now we're introduced to this page
right here. Now, every n8n node has an
input,
then has in the middle the
configuration, which is, "How do we
actually set the thing up?" And then the
output, which is, "Okay, using the
configuration here, what was the
output?" All right, so I just made a
Google Sheet here that has name, email,
phone number, company, role, and
address. Let me name this contacts. Now,
here, if I go back to n8n, the first
step to building any kind of automation
with different steps in the flow, is
connecting our accounts to these
softwares. So, we're able to access them
without us having to go to the actual
software to do it. So, right here, you
get to see on the top that we have
credential to connect with, which is,
just press here, you can create a new
credential, which means that you're
connecting your account, and you're
introduced to this page. Now, if you see
OAuth 2, service accounts, allowed HTTP,
and you get overwhelmed, don't worry,
just sign in with Google. It's just a
simple login verification, and you're
all good. I'm going to press the account
that I want to connect to. You can press
select all, so you're basically saying,
"Hey, I trust n8n to have access to my
Google Drive and my Google Sheets." You
will get to this page, which is
connection successful, and you'll be
redirected here to n8n. I can make a
name, so I can say Michele
system
account.
So, I'm pressing save. And usually, what
we have is also the date. And the reason
why we add the name is because when you
connect 20 to 30 accounts here, you want
to know exactly what the account was.
And so, the only way for us to know
exactly what the connection is, is to
name the actual connection. Once you
have this here, now the resource is
usually, "What is the thing that we're
manipulating? What is the thing that
we're taking and doing something with?"
In this case, it will be a Google Sheet.
The operation is always the action that
we're taking. So, as you can see here,
we have different options. We have
create, delete, delete rows, get rows,
update a row. You can do a bunch of
stuff. And in this case, you have append
a row, which is create a new row in a
sheet,
right here. The document, it's choosing
the actual Google Sheet, which in this
case is contacts, right here. See how I
just right here. And also, what you
could do is actually go to the ID
or the URL
of the Google Sheet, which I can find,
if I go here, I can find in the URL
here, and the ID is usually
right here. And then the sheet, which is
the sheet within the Google Sheet, which
in this case is sheet one. That's a lot
of sheet right there. Um and finally,
you have this right here. And so, this
is where you start to map columns. So
again, what we're doing here is we're
adding a row inside here. So, we're
adding a row into name, email, phone
number, company name, role, and address,
which is why when I go back here, I can
see that it's asking us, "Hey, what are
the different values that you want to
send?" In this case, for name, let's
just put James Arthur. Let's do email,
my email here, my phone number,
my company, the role,
and the address, so on. And now, leave
everything else as is. These are just
other options that you can um sort of
play around with, but there's no need
for that. And all we have to do now to
actually run the automation is to be
able to connect this
to here.
So, this is saying, "Hey, the first step
now is connected to the next step." And
so, if I press here execute workflow,
this should now start the automation and
do the action, append the row, like we
mentioned, and adding these details in a
new row.
So, let's try it out. Let's say I go to
execute workflow. I can see that the
first step executed, and we know this
because it was all green, check mark,
and the second step as well. And if I go
to my Google Sheet, I can see now that
James Arthur, with his email, phone
number, James Solutions, CEO, and Spain,
was added to our database. And that
right there was a full execution from
the start until the end, workflow
executions, from the first step until
the last step. Now, we can add another
step, which let's say is Gmail. I chose
to type Gmail. I can choose the software
here, and now I can choose the action.
So, in this case, it can be send a
message.
And now we're introduced to this page
right here, which is very, very similar
to the one that we had on Google Sheets,
but the only difference now is that we
have access to the previous, we call
them variables, right? Because they're
different variables here.
And now we can use these variables in
the automation. And that's why we don't
call them variables, what we call them
dynamic variables, because they change
every single time. Because when I put
name somewhere here,
and I run the automation again later, if
the name changes, this automatically
changes name. So, all I have to do here
is do the same thing. So, I can send a
message, which in this case is send an
email. I can sign in with Google. I can
choose my account, select all.
Connection successful.
And now [snorts] I can name this, press
save. Correct. And now we've connected
our account to n8n. So, now n8n is able
to use our Gmail. The resource, which is
what is the thing that we're
manipulating, again, changing, is a
message, which in this case is an email.
And you can use draft, thread, label,
you can do whatever.
Operation, which is what is the action
that we're taking? In this case, it's
sending. We can do a bunch more stuff
here, depending on what you want to do.
And then it's asking us, who do we want
to send the email to? What is the
subject line of the email? And what is
the message of the email, which is the
email body. So, now, as you can see
here, when I pressed on two, it gave me
the ability to drag an input field from
the left to use it here. So, now I can
take the field from the previous step,
drag this across over here,
email, and have this be the variable
that we use every single time, instead
of putting the email here, right?
Instead of putting the email manually.
Get it?
Get it? 25@gmail.com.
Because if you do it this way, it's
going to be fixed. But, if you take the
variable from the previous step, and I
drag this across here, then only are we
able to change the variable dynamically,
without us having to go here and change
it manually ourselves. And so, what
we're doing now is that we've just
pulled in the variable here. We can do
name. So, pull this name here,
and say, "Welcome to the team." And
also, one more thing that you start to
see is JSON code, right? Now, this looks
very intimidating for someone looking to
get started with automations and going
into n8n, but trust me, it's actually
quite easy. Because this code right here
is literally just the variable here that
we just pulled across.
So, you don't really have to know
exactly what this is. But, in case
you're wondering, we can actually
hardcode it. So, we can do curly
bracket, curly bracket. This opens this
up. You can do JSON {dot} the actual
step from the previous step. So, you can
go to, let's say, email. And you when
you press email, it automatically takes
us back to the same place as if I were
just to drag this across.
And this is great for us in case we want
to reference any variables from the
previous steps, and there's a ton of
variables, and we just want to reference
them really, really quickly, we just
manually hardcode it. But, most of
times, you're just going to drag and
drop. And then, we're going to ask the
email type. So, in this case, let's just
do text. HTML is just the way that you
make your emails look pretty. We can
say,
"Hey brother,
happy to work with" And let's do
company. Company right here.
So, now we're saying,
"Hey brother, [snorts] happy to work
with JSON variable, which is company,
which is this name right here."
We just don't see James Solutions
because
it's a variable right here. Now, the
good thing about n8n is that we can
actually see the output.
So, we can see the actual variable
before we run it, which is amazing,
because now it this gives us the ability
to visualize whether it's correct or
not. So, James Arthur, welcome to the
team. "Hey brother, happy to work with
James Solutions." Which is great. Now,
what I can do is go back.
I can go back here. I can change the
email to, let's say,
this one here that I have,
migdallahcalde5@gmail.com.
And now, all I have to do is execute the
workflow again from the start until the
end.
Right here.
This now goes into Google Sheets, and it
goes here. I can see now that I have the
name, the email, and I guess the email
changed, right? Because we changed it
manually in n8n. The phone number, James
Solutions, CEO in Spain. And as I showed
you, it also sent the email. So, if I go
to my email here, I can see that we had
a new email called James Arthur,
"Welcome to the team. Hey brother, happy
to work with James Solutions." Which is
the exact same email that we added into
our n8n. And so, now that we've built
this, I can explain exactly how the
pricing works. So, from the start until
the end,
right? When you are testing, so when
we're pressing this button and we're
executing this,
we're not paying for it. From the time
that we want to set this live, so we
don't have to manually do it every
single time, we can turn this on by
pressing this button.
So, right now, the workflow, or the
actual automation, is inactive, which
means that the automation is only
running when we manually run it. When we
go inside the platform, when we manually
press this button, and it goes here.
But, in the case for clients that you
want to set this live, it's sort of like
this is just for testing. When you're
building automations, you're testing
here and there. And the live is when you
want to actually set this live, it goes
live. Now, it works by itself, and it
runs through this at whatever interval
that you want. And the good thing about
this is that we're not paying for it
when we're testing, which is great,
because it allows us to be able to spam
the testing as much as we we can,
because the way that I they actually
charge you is by workflow executions,
which is from here to here. As you can
see, we have the green check marks,
which tell us that everything went good,
which is awesome. Now, let's say
something went wrong, right? So, if I go
here, and I just create a new
credential, and I just save it. So, I
just put a fake credential. Close.
Gmail account. This shouldn't work. So,
now, if I execute the workflow, I can
also execute it here, instead of going
here, I can see that now in the bottom,
you can't see it because my face is
there, but if I just move myself here, I
can see that I have problem in node
here.
Right? Which allows us to see that we
have a problem in our automation. And
so, this node right here, again, a node
is just a square within n8n, is a step
in our automation. We can see that we
have an issue, and it tells us the
actual issue, "Unable to sign in without
access token." Which means that the
authorization, the actual account, was
invalid. And on the right-hand side, you
can also see if something went wrong,
what is it that went wrong. And you can
also ask AI, which is amazing, because
this AI is actually good. It's not some
sloppy thing that they just added into
the software. It actually works, and
it's really good. With that said, make
sure that when you build automations,
you always save right here on the top.
And up here, you have the ability to
edit. So, this is where we edit our
workflows. Executions is where we get to
see all the times that this executed,
that this ran, right? The first time it
ran, the second time when we had more
steps, the third time when we had even
more steps, right? So, we get to see
exactly the previous times that it ran.
And then, we have evaluations in case
you're running some more advanced
evaluations, you're testing your your
actual workflow. If you're building this
for clients, you're most likely going to
use this, but it is not necessary to
start. Going back to editor right here,
on the top right here, I have the
ability for me to duplicate the actual
workflow. So, if I duplicate this, I
have to rename this, and I can press
duplicate. And this will now make the
exact same workflow here. Then, I have
the ability to download. So, if I
download it now, I get a JSON file. And
so, the good thing about that is that
this, in the back end, is all JSON,
which is is all code. And so, I can
simply just press download, like I
showed you, and then you can press
import from file, which allows you to
import the automation into your own
workspace. So, if I go to a blank
workflow, I can simply press this button
right here. I can import from file.
And now, I can put the actual file that
I need.
And suddenly, I have the actual
automation, which is imported into your
my n8n account. And then, finally, we
have change the owner, so you can change
the owner of the actual automation. You
can rename the automation this right
here. And you can import from URL. So,
in case you turn the file into a URL,
you can simply import it there. On the
right-hand side here, like we mentioned,
we have the ability for us to add steps.
We have the research, so we can command
bar, so you can actually search through
the different nodes that we have here.
We have notes, which is a big part of
n8n, because we can actually start
documenting our automations. So, I can
go in here,
and I can say, "First step is
manual."
And I can delete all of this, and I can
put this over the automation, which is
great, because when I'm going to give
the automation to someone, right? I can
actually give them an explanation of
exactly how it's working. If I go here,
I can also say, "This
step allows us to be able to manually
trigger the automation."
Right? And so, we have the text here.
And you can start to see how bigger
automations and bigger workflows use
this. And it's something that I use all
the time when I have to give workflows
and AI agents to my community members
who are looking to get them and then
start using them right away. And now
they have an explanation of what it is.
Then, we have right here focus panel, in
case you're doing some note stuff here.
We don't really use this that much, so
don't worry. Um and finally, we have the
AI, which I mentioned is able
or is able to assist us whenever we have
any questions about automations. Now,
you probably might be asking yourself
this question, right? Which is, if you
can build with AI, why are we learning
this at all? It's because AI only gets
you so far. When something doesn't work,
how do you know if it doesn't work? How
do you know if it's not good enough? How
do you know if it's not efficient? Which
is where understanding the fundamentals
is very, very important, rather than
relying on AI for everything. All right.
So, now that you understand exactly what
automation is, how you can set up your
own n8n account, how n8n actually looks
visually, plus building your first
automation inside of n8n, now it's time
to go a level deeper. Because in the
next module, we'll dive into actually
understanding how automations really
work. We'll dive into APIs, webhooks,
and how data flows within automations.
We will look at credentials. We will
look at transforming data, and also
understanding error handling, so if
something goes wrong, what do we do
about it? And lastly, understanding the
core 17 nodes that you need to know when
you want to master n8n. So, by the end
of this section, you will not only use
n8n, but you will actually understand
it.
If I had to learn just one skill for AI
automation, it would be understanding
how APIs work, because fundamentally,
they are the things that allow softwares
to speak with other softwares. And so,
once you understand, really understand
how APIs work, you'll be able to use
n8n, Zapier, make.com, Power Automate,
all with no problems, without getting
stuck, and without any limitations. And
the problem is, most people skip this.
They go straight to the platforms to
build automations step by step, and when
something breaks, they have no clue why.
So, in this video, I'm going to break
down exactly how APIs actually work, how
to read an API documentation without
freaking out, and how to build your
first real API request inside of n8n.
Let's dive in. All right, so API stands
for application programming interface.
>> [music]
>> A very fancy term that nobody even knows
the meaning to. But what it means is the
ability for softwares to speak with
other softwares. Now, think of a waiter
in a restaurant, right?
This waiter has the chef, and he has the
customers. And between the chef and the
customers, there's a series of actions
that happen, right? So, take the order,
bring the order from the kitchen, they
deliver the order, make the order.
There's a whole repetitive loop that
happens over and over again. And so,
that is the exact same when it comes to
APIs for softwares. Where we have one
software here, one software here, and
these two softwares communicate to each
other through a series of requests and
responses. So, request in this case
would be the make the order, the
response would be the actual order being
delivered to their table. And that is
the exact same when it comes to the
softwares. And so, fundamentally, the
waiter in this case is the API, and the
chef is one software, and the customers
are other softwares. And this right here
is the thing that allows the softwares
in make.com n8n to speak to each other,
to be able to have a sequential order.
So, we send data to a place and get
something back, and that's how
automations and AI agents are built.
Now, what can APIs do with softwares?
There's a few things that APIs can do.
We call them requests. So, requests are
just a way for the server, the API
server, to send information to the
actual software itself to then create an
action. Now, the first thing it can do
is post.
So, this is when any type of new record
is created in a software. So, this is
like making a Google Sheet row. It's
creating a contact on ClickUp, a contact
on HubSpot. It's
you know, sending information to OpenAI
to make a LinkedIn post. This is a post
request, which is sending information
from one place to another. Then we have
get. So, get is extracting any details
from any record from the software. So,
let's say someone filled out a form on
your website, you wanted to get the
information from that form, and then use
it for whatever you want. Right now,
you're getting information because the
information is going from somewhere else
to us. That's getting information.
Then we have put or patch, which is
updating records in a software. So,
let's say John's name is not John
anymore, it's James, then you use a put
or patch request, right? So, updating
information. And then we have deleting.
So, you can't see this fully, but it's
deleting a record from a software. So,
let's say we had a Google Sheet, or
maybe a contact, we just want to delete
the row, or delete the Google Sheet, or
we just wanted to delete the contact.
That is a delete request. So again, post
is to send information, get is to get
information, then put or patch is to
update information, and then delete is
to delete information from somewhere.
Now, I'll share a story here. So, I was
on a call with a client a while back,
and she asked to automate different
parts of her onboarding process. And she
used Zoho CRM as the CRM, which by the
way is just a place for companies to
store information, to be able to send
information to Zoho to make a new
contact whenever someone filled out a
form. Now, the problem is I had never
used Zoho CRM. So, I'd never used it. I
didn't know exactly what you can and
cannot automate with Zoho CRM, which is
why we get to the next part, which is
finding the information of what you can
automate and cannot automate within a
software. So, what I did is a simple
Google search, and I searched up the
software name.
So, in this case, it can be Zoho CRM,
Monday, it can be OpenAI, it can be
whatever it is.
API documentation. And this is where we
get to the fundamental concept of an API
documentation, which allows us to be
able to see exactly what you can
automate within a software and how to
set everything up. Now, here's an
example of an API documentation. This is
Apollo's API documentation, and at
first, you think this is way too
complex, but the reality is, if you
understand how this looks, all the
others will be very, very easy because
they all follow a very similar
structure. So, the way that an API
documentation works is that on the
left-hand side, right here, you get to
see all the types of requests. So, this
is enriching people, it's searching
people, searching organizations,
creating an account. There's different
things that you can do within Apollo's
API, which means automatically without
having to go to Apollo, right? And so,
each action right here, so each thing
that we can do has a corresponding type
of request that follows through. [music]
So, people enrichment, in this case,
would be a post request because we're
sending information to the server, and
then it's enriching the person. Then we
have, let's say, organization
enrichment, which is a get request, or
update an account, which is a put
request, right? So, we have different
types of request and different actions
that we can do using Apollo
automatically within our automations.
And the only way to know is actually
just looking here. Now, let's say we go
to people enrichment. So, this will now
look at what you can do within that
specific request, which in this case is
enriching people. And this request right
here has the type of request, and then
has a URL. Now, the URL is something
that is very, very important in our API
requests because they are the thing that
allows us to be able to send the
information the right way. It's sort of
like going to google.com, right? The
server knows that you want to go to
google.com because
because of the request, because of the
URL. And so, this is the exact same
because this allows the server to know,
"Hey, he wants to use Apollo, and he
wants to enrich people." Then in the
middle here, it gives us a summary as to
what it is, how it works, and so on. So,
these down here are basically saying,
"Hey, this is the type of request." So,
right here,
this is the information you have to send
to the server to call the request, to
make it happen. In this case, it's
enriching people, and you have to send
the first name and the last name, right?
And those are the details that you have
to look into understanding exactly what
to send to the server. And on the
right-hand side, you get to see the the
actual setup. So, how can we set this up
in our automation platforms? And quick
side note, the reason why we look at the
API documentation is because here, if I
go to Apollo,
I can't find it. Which means that now we
have to set up the API request using the
documentation. And so, the left-hand
side is the type of request, the middle
is to show you the exact request and
sort of to give you a summary of what it
is and what it looks like. And the
right-hand side is saying, "Okay, we
have the request, we have the summary,
here's how you can set it up." Now, the
main thing that we have to look at when
we have to set up an API request through
an API documentation is the curl. Now,
the curl is the thing right here that
you see,
which basically gives us a heads-up or
an understanding of how the request
actually works. And if I go to n8n right
here, and I go to HTTP request, which is
the thing that we use to make the actual
request, we can see that we have a
button right here, which is import curl.
And this will be the place where we
import the curl, which is the one that
we saw on the API documentation, and
then this basically makes the whole
request for us, which I'll show you in
just a second. Now, this will make much
more sense once we actually build the
API request, which is super damn easy,
so don't worry. Uh we'll go through it
step by step. But now you get to see
what a structure of an API documentation
looks like. And this is for a software
called Apollo. Now, if I go to the
second API documentation, this right
here is for a software called Instantly,
which is a cold email software. As you
can see, it follows the exact same
structure. On the left-hand side, we get
to see all the actions that we can take.
On the middle, it tells us this is the
summary, or this is what it is, and
these are the different variables that
we have to send to the server in order
to make the action happen. And on the
right-hand side, this is the way that we
set it up through a curl, which is in
code, right? But again, we don't have to
know how to code. It's just telling us
the way that we have to set things up.
And usually, the curl in this case has a
URL, which is the action that we're
taking, telling the server, "Hey, we
want to enrich leads, we want to send
this information somewhere else." And
then we have the headers, which usually
are a way for the actual server to
authorize that this is your account. And
the way it does that is through
something called an API key, which we
use for tons of things. OpenAI API key,
we use Claude API keys, Perplexity API
keys. It's just sort of a way for the
server to know, like a password, to say,
"Hey, this is a key, it's only for me,
for my account, so you can take action
on my account, and you know it's my
account if it's this key." And then we
have content type application.json.
Sometimes it's there, sometimes it's
not. It's just a way for us to tell it
to format the information in the right
way.
And then D, which is the body, which are
these parameters, so these variables,
which we send through to the actual
server to make things happen. And if
that confused you even more, then just
wait until we build the API request cuz
it'll be very, very easy. And then the
last API documentation will be ClickUp.
As you can see, I'm just showing you the
example, so you get to see the
reoccurrence in the structure of an API
documentation, which is the one right
here. On the left-hand side, we have the
types of request. In the middle, we have
the summary, the URL, the type of
request, which is post, the title, and
then here will be the parameters that we
have to send through to the server to
say, "Hey, here's what you have to do,
here's how to do it," and so on. And on
the right-hand side, this is the way
that we set it up, which is the exact
same. And as you can see, the thing that
we really care about is the curl request
because this is the right-hand side part
of these API documentations, which allow
us to be able to know exactly how we set
things up. And if you read API
documentations a lot of the times, or
most of the times, you'll see something
that looks like these. These are three
random API documentations, and they all
follow the exact structure. So, let's
set up the API request. Let me give you
a use case. Let's say we want to get the
weather of a country or a location,
right? If you go here to weather, we can
do the OpenWeatherMap, but there's
actually this other software, which is
called the Weather API. So, if I go here
to Weather API,
there's this software right here, free
weather API,
which isn't listed here, right? And this
is when we start using the HTTP request.
Okay? So, HTTP request, again, like I
mentioned before, is all the case where
we can't find the exact software
for the specific action that we're
taking. So, we actually make our sort of
custom API call, which is saying, "Hey,
even though we might not have it in n8n,
it doesn't mean it's impossible, right?
We can still make the actual request,"
which is where the HTTP request comes
in. So, all I have to do is go here, put
HTTP,
and now we get to this page. The first
thing is the type of request, whether
it's a get, delete, head, options, path,
post, put, which we went through just
now. And we have options head, which
I've never used, so probably not
something that you should know about.
Then we have the URL, which is the
action that we're taking, which we get
from the API documentation. Then we have
the authentication, which we'll go
through in just a second. And then we
have the parameters, which I mentioned
will be here. And then also the body,
which is
this right here, right? Or you can also
use JSON, which we get from the API
documentation. Now, we'll have to set
one up so you understand. And let's go
to the free weather api.com. We get
here, and now I'm saying, "Hey, I don't
have it within any 10. So, I really have
to go to the docs." And usually you find
this here.
So, docs. All right, so this right here
is the API documentation.
And so, all we have to go is to the
request, right? So, we have the getting
started, we have the authentication, we
have the request URL, we have a bunch of
things, but the thing that we really
care about is the bulk request, which is
the request, which will be up down here,
I believe. Yeah, down here. Which will
be the request that we will use as an
example
for the actual API request that we do
within any 10. So, all we have to do is
copy this, go here, and set up an HTTP
request, import curl, just paste it
here. Now, we can see that everything
was done for us. We have the post, we
have the URL, we have the fields, the
key, the queue, which in this case would
be um
We can see here, we can see that we can
do the city name, we can do the US zip
code, UK post code, and so on. Um
which is required. And then we have the
API key, which is the one right here,
which is sort of a password that says,
"Hey, this is my account. This is um
related to me. Just use mine." And the
body in this case, we actually don't
need this because this is just an
example.
So, I can delete this. And we can just
work with this. So, type of request,
which is post, URL, which is the URL
that we use. So, what is the action that
we're taking? And then we have the key,
which is the API key, which we find on
my account. So, when you make a free
account, you can go here
to the dashboard, and up here
you will copy the API key
and paste it back here.
And then the queue will be the city
name. So, we can do London
or whatever it is.
And I press execute step, which will now
execute the step. So, as you can see
here, it successfully ran this. And I
get the weather,
so the current weather, the temperature
of that specific place,
which you can then use for whatever it
is. Right, so now you got to see exactly
what it's like to build an API request,
an API call, which we [music] call. And
this is exactly what you can then use in
between your automation steps. So, let's
say we had a next node, which would be
let's do an edit fields, and we wanted
to get the temperature.
So, temp, temperature
in Celsius, 9.3. Yeah.
Thank god I'm not in London.
I can execute the step, and this will
now call the server, bring the data
back, and then here you can see that the
temperature was 9.3 because this is a
variable that we found here. But again,
the reason why we're using HTTP is
because if I go here to free weather
API, it's not listed here. It's not
here, right? And any 10 only has about 4
to 500. It has the main softwares, but
sometimes softwares that we want here
are not here, which is exactly why we
have to then go to the API documentation
and find or understand how we can set up
the API request.
In this video, I'm going to show you how
you can master any 10 just by learning
17 nodes. And these are the exact same
ones that we use pretty much 80% of the
time when building automations for
clients. And honestly, these are
probably the only ones that you'll ever
need. So, the first one is the trigger.
Now, the trigger is essentially the
first step of the automation. Like, what
is that thing that starts the automation
for us to then do the next steps? In any
10, we have different types of triggers.
The first one is a manual trigger, so we
can just execute the workflow manually.
Now, this right here is something that
we use most of the times just for
testing. [music]
Right? Because you want to test
something, so there has to be a first
step, and that's where we add a manual
trigger. Now, the second one is a
schedule trigger. So, this trigger right
here is primarily used when you want to
run the automation, let's say once a
week, once a month, or at certain
interval of time. So, if I go in here, I
can see that I can run it
in seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks,
months, and even custom. So, this is
cron, which you can put your maybe every
2:00 p.m. on a Tuesday or every 3:00
p.m. on a Friday of every month. And you
have different settings that you can put
so that you're able to
to run the automation at a very specific
time of the month, of the year, of the
week, of the day, right? So, to give you
a use case, let's say we had a content
system. Let's say we wanted to generate
content automatically every single day.
What we would do here is we would go to
trigger interval, which is days,
one, midnight, [music] and trigger
minutes zero. And this is where we put
this as the first step of the automation
so that it runs every one day at
midnight of the week, right? So, we're
able to run the automation without us
having to manually trigger it. And this
is for the time trigger. And then we
have the Typeform trigger. Now, this is
just to show you an example of a trigger
that is not native to any 10. These two
are native to any 10, which means that
any 10 owns those nodes. But in this
case, Typeform is not any 10, it's a
different platform. And so, Typeform
itself is a platform that generates
forms. So, we can generate forms, and
this trigger right here starts whenever
someone fills out the hiring form in
this case. So, I have the form pulled
out here, which is a form that is
connected to this Typeform trigger. And
what happens is that whenever someone
fills out the form, this sends a signal
to this node because it's an on app
trigger
that will allow us to then be notified
and start the automation. So, I'm going
to press execute workflow. As you can
see now, this is waiting for you to
create an event in Typeform, which is
waiting for me to fill out the form. I'm
going to press submit. And as you can
see here, this is now triggered. And we
got the data, the name, the email, the
phone number, and location as well.
Right? So, this essentially is an on app
trigger, which means that it triggers
whenever an single app starts something
or whenever something happens within an
app that we can all find
right here. Add another trigger, we have
all these triggers, and the on app event
is the one that you can use for whatever
it is. So, these are all different
softwares that can be the first step of
the automation that triggers whenever
something happens within that software.
Now, the next part of the nodes are
going to be storage solutions. Now,
storage solutions is just a fancy way to
say
we use nodes that allow us to store
information in them, right? And so,
typically we use Google Sheets, we can
use Airtable, we can use Notion, we can
use any 10's new native data tables,
which only came out a few days ago, in
order to store information. And this
could be a simple Google Sheet that
looks like this, which has full name,
email address, location, and phone. But
it could also mean a data table within
any 10, which has name, email, phone
number, and location, which is the exact
same. The only difference is that one is
stored in any 10, and the other one is
stored in Google Sheets. So, let me show
you exactly what I mean here. Let me put
the
um manual
execution here.
And I can see that inside, I am adding a
row. So, append row means I'm adding a
row in the any 10 17 nodes, which is the
name of the Google Sheet right here.
And I'm putting the first name or the
full name as Michele Torti, the email as
this, and the location as this. I can
press execute workflow, which will now
run the step right here.
And it will add the row
into the Google Sheet, which will be
Michele, email, and location as well.
And I can also add the phone, which you
can also add by refreshing.
Let me add let's do 1 555 123 4567.
And if I execute the step again,
I can now see that I will have a new row
that will be added here with email,
location, and this as well. Now, the
reason why it gave us an error is
because Google Sheet doesn't like when
you put plus signs or equal signs and so
on because these are native equations
within Google Sheets.
But you get the gist here. You just
store information into Google Sheet. The
second one is within the any 10 data
tables. So, let me connect this. And in
this case, we do the exact same thing.
It will be new people because that is
the name of the database.
And we're adding the first name or the
name as Michele Torti, my email, my
phone number, and location as well.
And if I press execute step,
I can see that now it was successful.
And if I go here and I refresh, I can
now see that the data was added here.
Full name, email, phone number, and
location as well. Now, the amazing thing
is that once you master Google Sheets
and any 10's native data tables, you can
pretty much use Airtable, you can use
Notion, you can use Asana, ClickUp. All
these places where you store
information, they're all very, very
similar, right? So, if you understand
one, the setup will be very, very
similar for the other ones. All right,
so now we get to the universal data
processing. So, here is where we
manipulate data, right? Manipulate data
just means that we take some sort of
data that comes in, and then we
structure it in a way where it makes
sense for us to structure it in. Now, in
this case, I want to take the um manual
execution here.
I want to attach it here.
And I can see that inside the edit node,
if I execute the step, I can see that I
have an array, which is basically a list
of people's information. So, we have
name, email, phone number, and location.
David Smith, David Smith, Emily Chen,
Carlos Ramirez, and Aisha Khan. And
these are basically giving me the
different pieces of information. Now,
the only problem with this
is that let's say we want to add this to
our Google Sheet,
we can't because this is an array, which
means that it's inside
this right here.
So, this is where the split out comes
in.
So, what this means is that if you want
to process each name individually,
right? If you want to process this right
here individually, then this right here,
then this right here, and this right
here, and this right here as well,
then we have to split them out. We have
to take them, as you can see by the
diagram here, it's taking them, which is
a singular thing, and then it's
splitting them out based on the amount
of items that are in that array. So, let
me just show you. Let me just run this
right here.
And let me show you that now we have
five items.
So, as you can see here, it went from
one item, which is the array, to five
items. And so, what we're doing here is
we're processing each person's details
individually through the automation in
the next steps. And this is splitting
out. So, this is when you have an array
and you want to split out each item of
that array. Now, aggregate right here is
the exact opposite. As you can see, the
diagrams are opposites. And so, what we
do here is just bring it back to the way
it was before.
Right? If I press execute step, I can
see that now I have the array that is
back there, which is one item.
So, you can see we have one item, five
items, and one item as well. Now,
typically, you would use split out
whenever you have cuz a lot of the times
we get data
all within the same array.
We get a bunch of details, contacts, and
so on, all within one singular item. And
so, what we want to do is go inside that
item and take them out of each one and
process them individually. In case you
want to add them individually to, let's
say, a native data table or even a
Google Sheet. Right? You have to process
each one individually for it to actually
make sense to add them to a database or
whatever it is that you want to do.
Whilst this node right here, basically
when we have a lot of information that
is a lot of items, and we want to put
them all together, smash them all
together, to then send them through to
the next steps. Right? So, it's
aggregating data, so it's not
everywhere. It's not in different
places. It's all within one place. Then,
we get on to the logic, which is if. So,
this is saying, "If this equals to this,
then it's true. If not, it's false." So,
if I say, in this case, let me just uh
take this out. Uh there we go, right
here. So, let me say, "If the name
contains um contains
Sarah,
which it only be one name, then we send
it through the true route." Right? So,
if I go here, I can now see that only
one went through here, and the other
ones went through here. Now, this is
great because automation, again, is
logic. So, if you want to send the
automation in different ways based on
whether something is true or false, then
you can use the if node right here. Now,
the switch node is a bit different
because it gives you more flexibility.
Right? Let me show you exactly what I
mean.
Let me say right here, inside, I have
options to basically root the
automation. So, I can say,
"If the name
equals to Sarah
Johnson,
if the name equals David Smith,
then we can rename the output to Sarah,
rename the output to David."
And what this will do is that it will
run through every single one.
And the ones that are Sarah,
or Sarah Smith in this case, Sarah
Smith, Sarah Johnson, it will send them
through Sarah.
And if it's David
Smith, then it will send it through
David. So, if I run this, I can see that
we only have one item and one item here
because those are the only ones that
applied to the logic. And so, how is
this different from if? Well, if only
gives you the opportunity to add
conditions, but don't add more than true
or false options. Whilst here, you can
put as many options as you want. And
this is great because you could have a
use case where you have emails. You can
categorize the emails based on whether
they're FAQ, whether they are uh
promotional, whether they are just
normal, whether they are something else.
And an AI categorizes it, and then you
can use a switch node to then say, "If
the email is FAQ, then you send it this
way. If it's something else, you send it
this way. If it's something else as
well." Because you can keep adding root
rules. You can say,
"If the this equals to whatever, just
hello."
You can rename it to FAQ.
And this will be another option, right?
And you can do as many options as you
want, which is amazing because that
allows us to be able to root the
automation based on [music] the type of
input or the output that we get in the
previous step. All right, then we have
the code node. Now, the code node is
amazing uh because it allows us to
be able to do a lot of things at once.
And code is one of the things that,
again, a lot of no-code platforms don't
have because in the name no code. Uh but
the fact that n8n added the code option
here made it so much easier for us to be
able to to transform information from
unstructured to structured in the
easiest way possible. And it's very,
very fast. Yeah, so let's say we have
the array here, which is the exact same
as we had before, which are just a bunch
of names that are all uh within the same
array, and we can't process each one
individually now. What we can do with
the code node using code, and by the
way, if you're asking, "How did you
write the code?" I just said, "Split out
the items from the array." And the array
is this. And then, if I run this, I can
see that now,
really quick, it uh split out the items
in five different um separately. So,
then we can go through five items
individually. Now, this did the same
function as this, so this wouldn't make
a lot of sense. But, if you have
something a lot more complex, and you
need the data to be transformed in a way
where it would take you seven or eight
different nodes, then you can do it all
within the code node. Now, I'm not going
to get into detail about this because,
again, we're all here to not write code,
right? Uh but just know that you have
this option to be able to write code
with n8n, and it makes it a lot easier
to do more complex stuff. You won't
really need them for most of the time,
but just knowing that you have the
option there to use gives us a lot more
flexibility when we're building
automations. And then, we have the merge
node. So, let me actually set this up.
All right, so for the merge node, what I
did is I put two different fields. One
is hello, yo, and then the other one is
hello, ciao.
And when I run this automation, it will
run this one first, and then it will run
this one. And let's say I put a wait
node here.
I can put two 2 seconds just for it to
wait 2 seconds. I can show you that
this right here will run first, and then
it will run this one. Right? Now, let's
say that we had an automation where we
had to run this, and then we wanted to
run this, and then we wanted to go,
right? Without us having to go through
here first and run your whole
automation, and then run through here
first. Now, let's say that we had an
automation that we start here, and it
goes to different ways, but then we want
to aggregate the data. We want to send
the data up in the same way as two
different inputs, input one and input
two, to then be able to take both pieces
of information to then be able to go to
the next steps. So, that's exactly what
the merge node does. If I go here,
I can see
also I can add more inputs. So, if I
press four, it basically uh it can it
can intake more inputs at the same time.
In this case, I can do two. I can
execute the step, and now we can see
that we got two items. One is yo, and
one is ciao. So, what is doing here?
It's it's aggregating both of them
together. Now, there are other options
as well um to combine, to then SQL
query, so you can query different things
or different data points. And then, we
can also choose a branch. Now, honestly,
the one that we're mostly going to use
is going to be combine, and it's going
to be append. Now, append in this case
would be output each item individually,
and combine is taking these two and just
putting them all in the same sort of
array that you can use for the next
steps. Now, here's a system that I built
that uses the merge nodes, three
different ones. Uh and the way that with
this works is that we have um
the LinkedIn post, which is made, the
Facebook post is made, and then we want
to merge them. So, we have the Facebook
post and the LinkedIn post. And then, we
have the Twitter post, which is made,
the article, which is made, and then
we're merging these two together as well
to then finally merge all four things
together so we can directly send to the
Google Sheet. And the reason why we're
merging them is because if we run each
one individually, then we would have to
set up a new automation for each row at
a single time to add them to the Google
Sheet, which we can actually just remove
by just merging them all together in the
same sort of structured way, different
items, to then send them to the Google
Sheet. So, the next nodes right here are
going to be connectivity and API. Now,
API is the most important skill when it
comes to automation. And if you haven't
watched my video about fundamentals of
API, just watch it up here. Um but it is
the reason why apps get to talk to other
apps. Right? It's the reason why
this app right here
can talk to n8n.
But this app right here can talk to this
one, right? Or we can just talk to each
other um in different ways. So, in this
case, the first node that we have to
learn is the HTTP request. Now, this is
one of the most powerful nodes in n8n
because when we go here,
and I go to action app, so this is
taking an action within a single app, we
can see that we don't have an infinite
amount of nodes. Right? Like we can stop
here, and then what? What if you have a
software that we want to use, but we
can't find it here? What do we do then?
Well, in this case, we use the HTTP
request. So, let's say I wanted to use a
free weather API, which gave me the API
of the weather.
And if I go here to n8n,
I can't see any app that's called free
weather API.
So, what I have to do is I have to set
up the HTTP request all to the free
weather API, which I can find in the
documentation right here. By the way, I
covered this in the API fundamentals
video. So, if this makes no sense to
you, please go watch that video cuz it
will help a lot. Um but this right here
is the API documentation, which is
essentially a documentation which allows
you to see exactly what you can automate
and what you cannot automate within a
software, and also how to set up the
automation. And so, by looking at this
documentation here, I was able to set up
the um the automation of the weather
API, which looks at the temperature in
London right now. And if I execute the
step, I can see that now I'm still able
to actually run the automation. I was
still able to use the software without
having to use
the softwares here, which are already
pre-made by n8n. And you can see here we
have the different outputs. So, London,
[music] we have the temperature degrees
in Celsius, Fahrenheit, and different
other informations as well. Then, we
have webhooks right here. Now, webhooks
are a way for us to get notified when
something happens. So, let's say someone
fills out a form,
well, it sends the data to the webhook.
You remember this right here, the
Typeform trigger? Well, behind the
Typeform trigger is actually a webhook,
which allows us to be able to get
notified when something happens. Well,
in that case, it's whenever the form is
being submitted, it sends the data to
the webhook through an API. Right? So,
right here we have the test URL, which
is used for testing, and production URL,
which is used when the automation is set
to active. And then, we have the
different type of HTTP method, which,
again, is very similar to here because
we have post, we have all these options,
and these are the same ones that we have
here. And then, we have the path, which
is just the way that we that we name the
URL. And then, this right here is the
thing that you would connect to the
software itself to then be able to for
us to get notified when something
happens within a software. And respond
to webhook will be the thing that will
then respond back to the server that we
got the information from. Now, to show
you exactly how it works, what I'm going
to do is use a software called Postman
API, which allows us to send example uh
test data to the webhook, right? I'm
going to go in here, copy this. Make
sure you change this to post request,
and then I'm going to paste this here.
Make sure this is a post request as
well. And then the body will be what is
the thing that we're sending the
webhook. In this case, let's just do
full name.
My name.
Let me run this here.
I'm going to press send.
This will now start the workflow, as you
can see here. Now we started the
workflow and we sent the full name here,
which is the body, right? And this is
how we send information from one server
to another through a webhook. [music]
Now let's say I had this connected. Now
all I have to do here is I have to
change this to using respond webhook
node.
And here,
um, what we can do is
we can just respond with
workflow has finished.
And so when I run this
I send this here.
I can see that now we get the data,
workflow has finished.
Now this is amazing when we are sending
data to a software
or to a webhook in this case and we want
to get something back.
So let's say we send the sign-up link to
a user in some sort of software. He
signs up, we get something back. Lastly,
it would be the AI integration. So this
is one of the ones that are most
commonly used. First one is the AI node.
So this is just to create something with
AI. So in this case, we can say create a
LinkedIn post
about
life. And here we have our OpenAI
connected. The resource is text. The
operation, which is the action that
we're taking, is good. The model, it can
be You have a list of models here.
You can use GPT-4 or latest, or you can
use whatever you want. And then you have
the prompts right here. The prompts,
there are three different prompts that
you can write. The first one is the
system prompt. The system prompt is a
prompt that you tell the AI you give it
an identity. So here you are a helpful,
intelligent XYZ assistant. Then you have
user. So user is when you tell it to do
something. So your task is to do XYZ. An
assistant [music] is when you give it
some examples. In this case, let's keep
it simple. I'm going to press execute
step. And this will now create a
LinkedIn post about life. As you can
see, sure, here's a thoughtful and
professional LinkedIn post about our
life. And then it gives me a whole
LinkedIn post that we can then use. Now
this AI step is used whenever you want
to have some sort of data or some sort
of input sent to AI, just like we would
on ChatGPT, automatically and then give
us the output. For content, for any
structured data that you want
structured, for anything pretty much
that you can think of AI playing a role
in the automation, just as a linear
thing, for it to do just that task in
specific, only that task. And then we
have the AI agent. If you haven't
watched my AI agent 101 video, make sure
to watch it up here. It explained
exactly how you can build your first AI
agent from scratch using n8n. But the AI
agent is the reason, probably the reason
why n8n blew up so fast is because it
had now the opportunity for us to use
something that was connected to AI that
could think through or that could
remember the different conversation we
had but that was also hooked up to
different tools. So in this case, if you
scroll down we can see that we hook it
up to Gmail. We can hook it up to
Airtable. We can hook it up to or pretty
much anything.
We have all these different softwares
that we can use to then be able to
connect it to the AI agent for it to
actually take action. And the good thing
is that the Gmail tool
can be connected and the Airtable tool
can be connected and the let's say
Notion tool can be connected
and you can have as many connections as
you want and this acts as a personal
assistant that allow us to be able to
take action on different things based on
the input that we give it. So in this
case, what it would look like is we
would have a trigger, which would be
usually it would be an on chat message,
which means that we're chatting with the
AI agent itself. If I open chat, I can
now see that I can speak to the actual
AI agent, something that you can't do
with the AI step. So I can say, "Hello."
What this will do is that it will then
talk to its AI. It will remember the
conversation and then bring it back.
It's sort of like a person that we're
talking to. And the good thing is that
the person itself
has access to our softwares.
Which is amazing because now we can take
action on our behalf based on the input
that we give it. So if we say draft an
email, it will then go to the Gmail tool
and then do its thing. Same thing with
Airtable and same thing with Notion. And
the use case that you can think of this
is pretty much anything, any task that
you want a singular input data store. So
you basically have, let's say, one chat
message, right? We have one place and
through a series of inputs, so through a
series of sending Gmail, sending
Airtable or create a Notion task or
whatever it is it takes actions in
different softwares without us having to
create a new automation for every single
action that we want to take.
In this video, I'm going to walk you
through everything that you need to know
about data transformation and using JSON
within your automations. Now I know this
topic scares quite a few people and it
scared me coming into automation as a
beginner with no technical knowledge,
but it actually is quite easy and very,
very important to understand. All right,
so JSON 101. JSON stands for JavaScript
Object Notation. So if you see
JavaScript here and there, it stands for
JSON cuz it's JavaScript, so J S O N
right here.
What it is, it's a way for servers to
store and transfer data. Right, it looks
like text, but it's structured so
computers can read it. Now the best way
that I can describe JSON is English for
computers. It's the language that
computers use to speak to each other.
Right? And that's why it's very, very
important for us to understand it
because pretty much everything is built
in JSON. Right? APIs, which I spoke
about in another video up here. Config
files, databases, but also your favorite
platforms like make.com, n8n or Zapier,
they're all built on JSON. It's crazy to
me that people still don't understand
that cuz behind the nodes, the squares
and the [music] the steps if you really
look at it, it's all JSON. That's why
it's very, very important to understand.
Now we use a very basic structure in
JavaScript. [music] When we write JSON,
we use key-value pairs. So the keys are
strings. They're always going to be in
quotes. And the values can be string,
can be my name, number, can be an age,
boolean, which is true or false, null,
when you get no data, it's going to be
zero, zero data, object, which is
basically a JSON inside the JSON, an
array, which is a list of items, which
I'll walk you through step by step. So
these are all the different types of
values that you can get using the key.
Here's an example of a basic key-value
pair. We have the key, which is name. We
have the value, which is Michele in
quotes because it's a text string.
The age, which is key, which again is in
quotes because it's always a string. The
age, which is not in quotation marks
because it's an age, so it's a number.
Then student and then true. Which is
boolean, which is true or false, right?
So we have again name, key, key and key,
and these are values, but they're
different types of values. Now arrays
are ordered in list inside of the
brackets. Now let's say you go to the
grocery store and you get the groceries.
Right? The groceries isn't one thing.
Groceries is a list of items inside the
key, which is groceries. And so this is
the same exact example when we have
skills. So the key is skills and the
value is automation, AI, Notion, which
are my skills. And so why do we use
these? Well, we use this when we have
the same key, like groceries or skills,
but we want to add multiple items in the
array, right? The array is just the the
list of things,
um, to to explain the key, right? To
explain skills, to explain groceries, to
explain whatever it is.
We have nested objects, which are JSON
inside the JSON. And for example, we
have the key, which is person. The key
is also name, but the name is inside the
person, so it's JSON in JSON. Um, and
then we have contacts, which is email
and phone number. So we have different
pieces of information, but it follows a
very clear hierarchy. Hierarchy just
means what is the first thing that you
should see and then what is the next
thing and what is the next thing. Of
course, the first thing is person. The
next thing [music] is name. And we have
contacts within the name and we have
email and phone number. And then we
close off with three curly brackets
because we start with one, two and
three.
Right? So nested objects is usually the
thing that we always [music] use and
that n8n, make.com usually uses when
they want to show different types of
data inside the data. Right? So you
might have a Google Sheet and the Google
Sheet might show the ID of the sheet. It
might show the sheet name. It might show
the row values. It might show different
types of things. And so to show those
things, it uses the
nested objects. And so JSON applying
into APIs, and if you've never heard
APIs, it's just basically how a software
speaks to a software, how these
softwares are actually able to work
through APIs.
This is a HTTP request, which is a
request that we send to a server to do
something. So in this case, we have a
curl and a curl is just a bunch of JSON.
Now don't worry about what this means,
but this is a request. This is something
that we send to the server saying, "Hey,
can we get something? Can we Can we do
something?" Right? In case you want to
get new rows or you want to add a row to
a Google Sheet or you want to add a
contact on ClickUp or do something else,
this is what you use. And then the
response, which is always going to be in
JSON, looks like this. So let's say
we're looking for users in a software,
let's say. And the output that I get is
the ID of the user, the name of the
user, the email, whether the user is
active or not and [music] the roles of
the user, which is an array because
there can be different roles within the
same person. And so we have the keys,
which are all inside the quotation marks
because they're all strings.
>> [music]
>> And we have the values. But the values
can change based on whether it's a
number, a string like this
a boolean or just an array. So how does
this now apply to n8n? So if I go to
edit first step, I can add a manual
trigger, which is just a first step of
the automation manually. And let me add
another node, which is edit fields.
Now this node right here is very, very
important and is something that we
typically use to transform data, which
is getting an input, which can be a
name, it can be a bunch of values, then
putting it here right inside the edit
fields node, which transforms the input
and then gives us the output. So if I go
here to mode, I can see that I can do
manual mapping. Let me zoom in. Or I can
actually write things in JSON. And this,
again, is the key value pair, key value,
which is the exact same as the thing we
spoke about. Now if I go to manual
mapping, I can now start adding fields
to set. So I can say my full name
is Michele
Sorti.
Right? And I can see that this is a
string. Why is it a string? It's because
it's text. If I put number and I run
this,
this would be null because there is no
number. It's just text. And it deletes
it, right? And so, if you go back to
string, put my name,
what I can do here is execute the step,
which will show me the output in schema,
which is basically the way that we all
look at it because it looks a bit messy
in JSON, the table version,
or JSON, right? So, if you've never
pressed on this button JSON, this is
what it looks like. We have an object
right here. We have the key and we have
the value
right here.
Now, let's say I wanted to do age
and we do um 20.
If I execute the step, now you can see
that the object right here is increasing
in the size because there's a new
key-value pair. And bear in mind that
this is text right now. It's not a
number. So, if I wanted to change this
to a number,
look at the color of this, it changes
the actual type of output. Right? So, it
changes the type of output that comes
here to 20. Let's say I wanted to do
Boolean.
This is true or false.
I can say student
false or you can do true.
So, we're saying, "Hey, [music] his name
is Michele Torti. He's 20 years old and
he's a student, right?" And then you can
also be adding an array, which in this
case can be skills, like I mentioned
before, and you do
square bracket
square bracket to end it. Then you put
skills. You say notion.
You finish it off, then and then done.
Then make
and then you do something else, right?
But we are adding items inside the
array, which is here and here. Two items
right here. Boom.
Now, if I press execute step, this will
now show the skills like this. It will
show the full name, it will show the
age, the student, and the skills right
here, which are wrapped up in square
brackets right here.
Notion, make, and so on.
And finally, we have
the object, right? And the object can be
a summary. Let's call it summary and
let's copy this full thing, this whole
object, because this is an object again,
from here to here.
And I can paste this here.
If I execute the step,
this will now
add the new object that we have, which
is called summary,
and we have it this again,
which we just copied up here. Now, why
am I showing you this? It's because
typically when we get inputs from the
previous node, the previous step, we
send it here to then be able to change
the data. So, let me show you an example
here. Let's say I have Let me delete
this. Let's say I have the full name and
I wanted to get just the first name.
So, let's say I run this
and I have the output, which is full
name. Let's say I add another edit node
right here. I can go here. I can remove
[music] this. And now, let's say I
wanted to take the full name and I
wanted to transform it into just the
first name. What I do here is I press
here. I can say first name.
And if I go here to expression,
I can put curly bracket curly bracket.
And now inside here, it says anything
inside the curly bracket curly bracket
is JavaScript, which is JSON. Right? So,
we're saying I can actually reference
previous variables using this. So, I can
say dollar sign JSON, which is the way
that you start when you want to
reference some sort of item here,
dot
full name,
right? Which you got right here, full
name. And so, that is how you can
reference these variables from the
previous steps to the next steps. And
that's how dynamic variables work,
right? Because they are dynamic, they
change every single time. Cuz right
here, if I run this, I would also have
the first name, which is Michele Torti.
But if I go back here
and change it to James,
and I run this again,
this will now be James, right? Which is
why it's dynamic, which is why
automations are brilliant because they
change data and you can automate the
process so you don't have to do it
yourself.
So, okay. Let's say we have the full
name here. Let me go full screen by
pressing this button right here.
And let's say I wanted to take this
name. I just wanted to get James. Now,
inside N 10 and the reason why I would
say for a beginner it looks a bit
technical uh because of this, because
make.com doesn't actually show you this,
but that's what it is in the back end.
I can, after the whole variable, so full
name, which again is this,
what I can do is actually use some
formulas. So, I can put dot, which now
allows me to see different things that I
can do with this full name. I can split
the first name, which we're going to do.
I can check whether the um the name
includes something, right? So, you can
see here whether the team includes T and
it says true. And so, these are all
formulas that you can use within your um
the full name. Honestly, you'll probably
use maybe five or six of these, so don't
even worry about understanding each one.
Um one of them that I use a lot is split
because I usually want to split the full
name so I can get the first name. So, in
this case, what we're doing here is
we're getting the full name, which is
James Torti. What we're doing is saying,
"Hey, let's split this name by the
presence of a space so it gives me this,
which is first name, and then last name.
And then we want to get the first,
first one, which is James.
And that's the way that this works
because everything in JSON is logic.
Everything in code is logic. Right? So,
if you put logic here into this
automation, or not automation, in this
variable, then you're saying, "Hey,
let's split
this by the presence of a space." So, we
do the apostrophe here and we actually
put the space in our keyboard. So, now
we can see that we have the first one
and we have the second one. And now,
after we put split, then we want to put
dot
first
because we're returning the first
element of the array. Cuz you can see
here, this is an array,
right? Because it has this {comma} this
{comma} that, right? So, let's say I had
the full name being James Torti Arthur,
it would then be James {comma} Torti
{comma} Arthur. And so, after this, we
want to put first
>> [music]
>> and this is how we get James. And that's
how in emails you can turn the full name
into a first name by using JSON and by
using formulas within the JSON. Now, you
looking at this right now, it probably
looks very overwhelming and it was very
overwhelming for me at the start as
well. But when you understand the ones
that actually do matter, cuz yeah, let's
be honest, you're not going to be using
all these,
they work very well, right? Like if you
understand split, for example, and
understand that this is the formula that
you use every single time to split a
full name from something else, then
you're pretty much set. That's it,
right? And the good thing is that you
have an AI
on the right-hand side
that you can ask any questions to, which
can also help you. And so, that is how
we can transform data. We can take some
sort of full name, we can then use some
formula, and then we can output the
first name, right? From here
to here.
And that is data transformation. That's
how we use JSON to be able to take an
input and turn it into something that's
an output. And quick side note here, if
you're wondering what's behind this, I
mentioned it's JSON, let me show you
what I mean. I can copy this. I can go
here and if I paste this, this will be
JSON because these are nodes that have
parameters, that have different stuff,
which are all JSON. And the reason why
this N 10 make.com works very well is
because we don't have to see this. But
just know that behind this
is this, right? So, it's all JSON.
That's why understanding JSON is very,
very important because it gives you the
understanding of how things actually
work together and how the English
language in computers actually works.
Now that we have this, full name
>> [music]
>> and then going to the first name, now we
can add some branching. So, we can add
some some conditions.
And we can add if. So, if is saying,
"Hey, if this variable,
which again we can get by doing curly
bracket curly bracket,
JSON dot first name.
So, JSON dot the variable that's here,
right? JSON dot first name
equals to James, this will say true,
true branch. And if I go outside of
here, I can see that this is a true
branch. This is a thing that is true.
Then we can now send the automation one
way if that specific criteria or
condition is true. And if it's false,
then we go down this way. And for
example, if I change the the name to
Michele,
execute the step, now this will be a
false branch. This will go down
defaults. And again, behind this, what
it does is that it uses this variable.
It then says, "Hey, is this variable
equal to this? If yes, [music] then it's
true. If not, then it's false." Because
again, everything lies on logic.
Everything is logic in automations.
Whether you have this or whether you
have [music] this, conditioning into
different paths. All right. So, right
here I have an AI agent. So, we'll see
how JSON actually applies within the AI
agent. I can open chat and I can say
hello.
And what it's doing now is it's
is it sending the information here,
JSON, which is session ID, action, and
chat input, which is the thing that I
just told it to do. So, these are
different items that we get as an output
from the actual thing. It's transferring
data, so what you see here, the line is
actually just transferring the data
here,
to this AI agent, which is giving the
chat input as an example in JSON here.
Then,
using the chat input, is then talking to
the actual open AI by giving it JSON
again, which is messages,
right here.
And then the output that we get using
open AI is this. "Hello, how can I
assist you today?" Which again is the
output, which goes here. "Hello, how can
I assist you today?" So, everything that
you see within your automations, data
here and data there, or some sort of
variable going to the AI agent and then
going to something else, it's all JSON.
That's how data flows within different
automations. And so, let's say now I
wanted to take action on my email. I can
say send an email
to
michele.torti5@gmail.com
saying we have
uh
football tomorrow. I can press go. This
will now send the data here. It will
then call the tool
and then it will send the email, right?
And if I go inside here, I can see that
this is the input. The messages is the
input, the subject line and email body.
And the output is the response, which is
the email ID that I just made, the
thread ID which is a thread of the
email, and then the label ID telling us
that this is sent. And this right here
is an object. Right right here. The same
way that it was person name, it was
contact, it was whatever it is. All
right, and lastly here we have a form
that I just made.
If I go to the form, I can see that I
have the full name, the age, and the
date. So I say Michele Torti.
The age will be let's say 20.
The date, let's say the date is today.
The 20th. I can press submit.
What this will now do is it will send
the data to our automation.
And we get back the full name which is a
key
value.
Key, as you can see here this is a value
but it's not in quotation marks because
it's a number. And then everything else
is a key value pair with this because
it's all a string. It's all text. Now
some fundamental rules to remember for
JSON is that the keys must always be in
double quotes. The keys right here,
name, must always be in these two codes
because it's always a string. If you
don't put it that way, it'll break,
right? The second thing is to understand
the difference between string, number,
boolean, null, object, and array, right?
And how these sort of function because
then you're able to understand JSON as a
whole because it is just that. It is
just strings which are text, numbers
[music] which are just numbers with no
quotation marks, boolean true or false,
null no data, object which is JSON
inside the JSON, and array which is a
list of values. Then we have the third
rule which is separating pairs with
commas. So we have the key which is
name,
the actual value, comma, the next thing,
comma, the next thing, and then the last
one doesn't have a comma, the one
nearest to the actual curly bracket
which finishes off the JSON structure.
And lastly is wrapping the whole thing
in quotation mark if it's an object. And
an object in this case is just a list of
key value pairs, right? Key, value, key,
value, key, value. And we wrap up the
whole object using curly brackets here
and curly brackets here to finish it
off. And if you're someone who's serious
about starting and scaling your AI
agency, then you might want to check out
the first link down below which is a
video that walks you through our
one-to-one mentorship program which is a
program where we get to work with you
one-to-one to help you start and scale
your agency to 10K a month.
Webhooks are by far one of the most
powerful thing within automation. Yet
most people still have no idea how they
work. So today I'm walking you through
exactly what a webhook is, how you can
use it in real life, and how you can set
it up within your own N and so by the
end of the video you'll be able to use
it within your own automations even if
you've never touched it before. So let's
dive in. So what a webhook is is
essentially a URL that allows us to get
notified when something changes within
an app. So think of it as someone coming
into your house and ringing your
doorbell. As soon as they ring your
doorbell, you instantly get notified,
right? And we could usually refer to
this as an instant trigger. That's
exactly what a webhook is. As soon as
something happens, we instantly get
notified in the webhook. Now the
business use case to this could be
someone filling out a form. So as soon
as the user fills out a form, whether
it's in the website or something else,
we instantly get notified so the webhook
receives the data meaning receives the
responses from the form and then starts
the automation which is the one right
here. All right, so let's jump onto N
and right here real quick and we can add
the first step. So adding the first step
just asking us what is the trigger? What
is a thing that starts the automation?
As I mentioned, when someone fills out a
form, the first step will be the webhook
because that's the thing that allows us
to actually start the automation. Now
the webhook can be found here. So on
webhook call, we can obviously trigger
manually an app event on a schedule,
form submission. We can do a bunch of
stuff but the webhook itself is this one
and it runs the flow on receiving an
HTTP request. Now HTTP stands for
hypertext transfer protocol, very fancy
way of saying that data is passed from
one app to another when we get notified,
right? So when we tap on here, we get
introduced to this page right here.
On the left hand side is basically
pulling in from the webhook so it's
listening for new events. So when we
press this button, it now the webhook
itself it's listening for notifications
coming from some server, some sort of
server.
So let's stop listening.
And in the middle, this is the
configuration and on the right hand side
is the output. So when we get notified,
the notification will show up here.
So right here the first thing that we
see is the difference between a test URL
and a production URL. Now this is quite
misunderstood between what they are but
a test URL so if you look at the the
actual thing, the actual URL in this
case,
it says test but production doesn't have
test. Now when you want to deploy which
means that you when you want to activate
your automation, you typically want to
use the production URLs. That's the main
use case for this but you can use the
test when you test and production is
again when you want to activate your
automation. Now right here you can see
that you have a URL. So again, the
webhook itself is URL that's accessible
to anyone. It's literally it goes on the
web. It's just a normal link that you
can use for anything that you do. So if
I press here, I can easily copy it and I
can go to to Google and actually search
it. But again, this is a thing that
allows us to actually get notified when
something happens and we also get this
this long string. So this is the the
unique part which is 3826BB2D9056
and this is the path.
This is what we call a path. Now the
path can be changed to something else
like hello.
Like hello Michele, whatever it is.
Or we typically want to have a long
string. It doesn't really matter.
But again, this can be this can vary.
This can change, right? And it doesn't
really matter what you put here.
Now when it comes to the webhook itself,
we have different types of method. Now
when you want to get notified from a
server, you typically want to use one of
these different HTTP methods. So the
HTTP method can be a get which is
getting information, head, patch, post,
put, and delete. Really the only ones
that I've actually used after building
hundreds of automation is get and post.
So a server could say, "Hey, I'm sending
you the notification but you need to be
a put request or a post request or a get
request." Right? So this is the thing
that you put here. The path again I
explained which is the last part of the
webhook. Authentication is basically
saying, "Do you want to add a password
so only you only the people who know the
username and password can actually
access it." You can use it but I don't
really use basic auth and header auth or
JSON webhook token auth. It doesn't
really matter like the difference
between doesn't really matter but just
know that they're used as a way for us
to say, "Hey, don't breach across this
point. You need to have a password to
actually use it." So that's what we use
authentication for but typically I would
have it as none. And then for the
response we have immediately, we have
when last node finishes. So immediately
just means like when this happens,
immediately send the data here. We can
have when last node finishes so return
the data when the last node which means
that the last step of the execution is
finished, the last step of the
automation, and then it sends the data
back. And we can use a respond to
webhook node which I'll show you in just
a second, and then streaming as well
which we don't really use uh so don't
worry about it too much. And then we
have different options. So for options,
I would usually have the raw body so in
case we need it. But for most of the
times because we're getting notified
because we're getting something, we
wouldn't use any options but you can
have the option to basically have some
different options here that you can use
for the different types of requests that
you're getting. But typically we
wouldn't put anything here. So with that
being said, if you go here to webhook,
when I spoke about the respond to the
webhook, we also get a webhook response.
Respond to webhook. So what this means
is that when we get notified from the
server, we can actually give it a
response back to the server. So let me
show you what I mean. So because this is
accessible on the internet, I can copy
this, I can listen for the test events.
And let me just
go like here.
And then I can see that now the message
says workflow has started. So if I go
back here, I can see that [music] on
here I get a bunch of output. So I get
the user agent, Mozilla which is
basically telling everything about my
browser, a bunch of codey stuff that you
don't have to worry about but just know
that because we opened it on the
browser, it's basically giving us a
bunch of information that we then can
use for the automation. So let me show
you exactly what I mean by a respond to
webhook. So let's say we add this here
and I go in here and I say
all incoming items.
So we're basically saying, "Hey, I'm
going to give you back everything that
you gave me." So if I execute this
workflow,
I think I have to change this to yeah,
you respond to webhook as well because
this is the response.
Execute the workflow and now I go here,
I can see that I get a bunch of
different text. So this is exactly what
sent to us but because we're sending it
back, we get everything here. So that's
why it's sending us everything back. All
right, so you understand what a webhook
is now. You understand sort of the
different things, the different
settings. Let's actually put it to work
and see how it actually works in a
business case scenario. If I go here,
let me just put in production mode and
let me copy this.
Uh the workflow that we're going to
basically make is starting from a
Typeform which is someone filling out a
form and then we can add it to let's say
a Google Sheet and then we can send an
email back to the person that filled out
the form.
So let me go to Typeform. So this right
here is the Typeform that we're going to
use for this test right here. It all
starts with full name, email, and what
are you looking for? Very simple. You
can obviously add more details like
company name, budget, whatever it is
that you have but let's start here. I
want to show you exactly when we fill
out this form, how does it send the
information to N and N? So let me go to
workflows.
Let me go to webhooks right here. So you
can connect with any app to send
responses or trigger actions which is
exactly what we want. We want to add a
webhook
which will take us to this page. We can
add a webhook and then here is where we
go inside and we actually what is it?
Production URL. Let's copy this
and let's put it into here.
And we can save the webhook.
Now once this is done, we can we
typically want to send a test request to
make sure that it does work. So let me
go here.
Go inside and listen for test events. I
can send a test request [music] and now
it's giving me an error. So let's see
why it gives me an error. So below
on the response, we can see the workflow
must be active for a production URL to
run successfully. You can't activate the
workflow using toggle. Okay, so this is
what I meant before. So if you go here,
I just pasted the production URL. Let's
do the test URL because again, the
production URL only works when you
activate the automation. So let's do
test URL. Let me copy this.
Let me go here.
Let me replace
webhook.
And now
we can
test it again. So let me listen for
event.
And I can test the [music] request.
In this case it's giving me another
error. So let's see the response.
And now it's telling me the webhook is
not registered for post request. Did you
mean to make a get request? So now this
is goes back to the fundamental where I
told you some servers ask us to do a
different request. So in this case for
the HTTP, they say, "Hey, this is not
set up to do a post request." So all we
have to do is set up to the to do a post
request in this case. And then we can
try again,
go here and then send a test request and
now it should be successful, right? 200,
which means it's all good. The workflow
has started. And if I go back to n8n,
I can see that we have the output, which
is successful, right? Which is
everything. Okay, cool. Now, now we know
that this works and we know that we get
a request whenever this is post and it's
test just to test until we set it to
active,
we can then fill out the form and see
the data that we get. Go here, listen
for events, go back to Typeform, and
then I can activate this cuz we want
this to be on every single time.
I can copy the link to the Typeform and
then I can start filling it out. So let
me do Michele Torti,
my name, or my email.
And what are you looking for? I want to
learn automations.
And I can press submit and now this
information will be sent to n8n right
here with a different output. So we have
headers, which is just a bunch of fancy
stuff that you want to look at, but then
what we actually care about is
not the body, but the responses. Where
is it?
The answers. So Michele Torti, my name,
the email is this, and the text, the
third one, is this.
So these are the ones that we're going
to use for the next steps. The form
submitted is sent the data to the
webhook. It's like, "Hey, we have this
data. Someone just submitted the form.
Now use it for whatever you want to use.
Here's a notification." Okay, once we
have this, what we can do now is we can
add it to our Google Sheet. So let's
make a Google Sheet right now.
Let's name it
new form request.
Let's do full name. These are the the
variables that we had, email.
Uh once. Let's just do once.
So let's connect this to n8n. So I go
here, I can press plus, I can go Google
Sheets.
And then what I need to do is append a
row in a sheet.
Connect it. All you have to do is go
here, sign in with Google, very very
simple.
And then I can do sheet within a
document, append a row, which means add
a row. And the document will be new form
request. There we go, the first one.
And then the sheet will be one. We want
to map each column manually because we
want to do this manually. And then the
full name will be
the one here. Where is it? There we go.
Text.
Because this is [music] the text that we
got.
And you know this because these are the
answers, right? You wouldn't put it here
if it wasn't the answers. And then email
would be the one here, so you just drag
it across. And once will be the last
thing, which is I want to learn
automations. So it's always good to test
because when you go here, how would you
know this is the answers, right? I mean,
it says answers right here, but it's
much better if you test to get actual
answers that you know you put, so you
can just map them here. And this is all
good, so I can just execute step, which
means I'm just testing it. This is
executing, so if I go here to the sheet,
I can see that this is already added.
Let me add this to bold.
And then I know this works, so I can go
to the last step, which is sending an
email.
So email in this case will be Gmail.
Uh create a message. No, send an email.
Yes, send a message. All I have to do to
connect to Gmail to to n8n is go here,
sign in with Google, very very simple,
like Google Sheets. And then here I have
to put message send because we're
sending the message. And in this case,
who are we sending the email to? We can
either pull it from here
or we can pull it from the actual form
itself, which is the email, right? I can
put it here. The subject line will be
thanks for filling out
the form.
Then it's asking us for the email type.
Now HTML is just the way that we make
our emails fancy. We can leave this as
text
cuz we don't need to use HTML. We can go
here, full screen. And then here I can
say, "Hey,
I can go down to my name." So hey
Michele. And obviously, ideally we want
to have just the first name and that
goes into formulas. I don't want to get
into this uh just for this video cuz
it's a bit more complex, but I can say,
"Hey Michele,
just saw
our team will get back to you
as soon as possible.
Thanks."
All right, cool. So we said, "Hey,
webhook name", which is a variable that
we're pulling in from the form because
again we're using dynamic variables, it
changes every single time. We're also
saying, "Hey, what do you want Who do
you want to send an email to?" And
that's about it for the step. So let me
test it. Okay, I just realized that it
was actually wrong. I put an extra O, so
I I actually didn't send an email. Um
but you should be getting the email when
you send it through. I just had to put
one O less, but that's how that's
usually how it works. You just send it
and you get this output right here. So
let's test it from the start until the
end. Let's execute the workflow and
let's
do a new form. So let's refresh. Let me
go here and say James Low.
Let me do my actual email
without the extra O.
Automations
for lead generation.
Submit.
We go here.
It's talking to Google Sheets to
actually add it, but we got the the
output here. So if I go here, I can see
that the answers in this case was James
Low,
was email, and then it was automations
for lead generation,
which rhymes. Uh let me go to Google
Sheet, which appends a row in the sheet,
which means that it added. So if I go
here, I can see that James Low was
added. And obviously this would be a
project management tool, it could be a
CRM, whatever you have. Um
but we added it here so you so you can
keep track of all the different requests
you're having.
And lastly, we have the email, which was
sent
this time with the right email. So if I
go to my email right here, I can see
that I have an email from Michele which
says, "Hey James Low, just saw you
filled out the form on our website. Our
team will get back to you as soon as
possible." Of course you want to add
more. And then it actually sends this as
well, which is which we don't want. So
all we have to do is go here
and then we can go to append n8n
attribution. We can turn this off so
that whenever it sends us an email, it
doesn't say this part, which we don't
want.
All right, so that right there is
basically how you use webhooks on n8n. I
want to quickly show you how it looks
like on a different platform, which is
make.com. So if I go to make.com,
I can log in. This is just another
automation platform like n8n. It's just
between n8n, Zapier, and and make.com.
Make.com is it's fairly easier to to get
started with, but if I go here,
I can see that to add the webhook to
make.com, all you have to do is go here
and this lists your webhooks here, and
you can create a custom webhook,
which is the same. So create a webhook,
name it whatever you want. So Michele
test. This will be the URL that we had
before. So in n8n, it will be this,
this
URL right here. In make.com, it will be
this. They all have their own like
internal different names. In this case
it's make.com
and for n8n, it's n8n.cloud, right? So
they have their own unique sort of way
that they name their
the webhooks. But on a high level, this
is very very this is literally pretty
much the same. Like it has the same
functionality. All the webhooks are
pretty much the same. It's just that the
way they look is different because of
the way that the this is set up. Press
save.
And this much. I don't want to get into
make.com cuz that's more of a different
video, but I just wanted to show you the
how it looks like to actually make a
webhook on a different platform. And
lastly, I want to show you how to send a
data point from not from a form, but
from another scenario to a webhook,
right? If I go to another scenario right
here, so let me go out. Let me go here.
Let me create a new workflow. And now,
because we I spoke about HTTP at the
start, but in order for me to have a
workflow and then send the information
from that workflow to the next workflow
through a webhook,
I can then actually use a HTTP request.
So let me show you exactly what I mean.
It will look it will actually be much
more clear when I actually run this, but
all I have to do is [music] copy this.
And let me take this out.
So I copy the webhook that I need.
And now we will get data from from the
previous workflow. So if I execute the
workflow here, I can go here and then
then I can send
the URL, which would be basically
saying, "Hey, I'm sending the data to
you", right? And the webhook is getting
notified. In this case, the method would
always be post just because we're
posting information cuz that's sending
information from one place to another.
Authentication is zero. And then we can
also send a body. The body will be
anything that you want it to do, so you
can say
uh full name.
So actually let's do camel case.
Full name, Michele.
Camel case is just just wants the
capital letters to be this.
So this right here will send the
information with it. So if I execute
this step, first of all I have to run
this.
All right, so actually it's already
running, right? Now it's waiting for
this. So if I [music] execute the step,
now
it will send the information and I can
see that we have in the body right here,
we have full name, Michele.
So imagine if you had a workflow right
here, which could send different
variables, so different things from one
workflow to another, so you can split it
up. And you have all the different
workflows talking to each other because
you have webhooks and because you have
HTTP requests.
This is a whole 'nother topic in itself,
but I wanted to show you the overall
sort of arcing thing of what a webhook
is, how it can be used in a business
sense, how it can be used, or what the
fundamentals are, and how everything
works together, how you can link it from
automation to automation as well.
In this video, I'm going to show you how
you can handle any errors inside of n8n
so your AI agents and your workflows are
smarter, stronger, and make sure that
they actually work. All right, so the
first one here is retry when failure. So
this happens when the workflow stops
working because of some reason, and then
we tell it to run X amount of times in X
interval. And you know a node, you know
a step has this exact error handling
technique because you will see this
right here, which says retry when fail.
So if I go inside the HTTP request,
which is a again a node, a thing that we
used to send a request to some server in
the internet asking for information,
we can execute the step and basically
what this is, it's a server where it
allows me to get any images of any dog
randomly.
I got this dog right here, right? And I
can keep going
again and again and again. And as you
You see, it's [music] successful. Why is
because the status is success. And I
also notice because there's a green
check mark, right? Which tells me that
everything went good.
Now, what happens if something goes
wrong? Well, if I remove the E,
right? Cuz before there was image, now
there's no image.
>> [music]
>> This will now stop working. This will
say there's an error.
As you can see, the resource you are
requesting cannot be found.
And if I go here, let's say you have a
whole workflow behind it. It will stop
here, right? And so, why is this bad?
Well, it's because sometimes some
service just stop working randomly,
right? They stop working for 1 to 2
seconds, maybe 3 to 4 seconds, which
[music] is why we use the retry when
failure. So, the way to set this up is
to go to settings. You then have this
setting turned on, retry on fail,
which means that you're saying, "Hey,
retry [music] this many times in this
interval." So, it stops working, it
tries once, then it waits 1,000
milliseconds until it tries again.
Wait, tries again, right? And so, it
does it three times to make sure that we
say, "If it doesn't work, that's cool.
We'll try again after this amount of
time." Right? And try back, try back,
try back until it works. And so, if I go
here and I run this, [music] input a
manual trigger,
I think I have this, manual trigger.
There we go. I can execute the workflow,
and as you can see, this is now looping
around [music] because it's actually
waiting or it's trying again after those
many times in that interval. So, let's
say I take this off,
right? All I have to do now is execute
the workflow, and it will instantly
[music] error out. But by turning this
on, retry when failure,
it will wait, right? To try again and
again and again, and at the end it will
stop. But there's some process of them
going through it, they're trying again
um before it goes to the next step. This
can be applied to LLMs because sometimes
OpenAI, Claude, Gemini, they just stop
working, and we have no clue why. And
so, to make your automation more
scalable, so that it just doesn't stop
every single time something goes wrong,
then make sure you have this. The second
technique is called the continue when
failed. Now, we allow the workflow to
continue even when it fails. And so,
theoretically, right? Logically, this
step right here, where you would
continue even if it fails, has to be
something where if it fails, amazing, we
still keep going. If it succeeds, we
keep going. So, it can't be a step
that's very, very important in the whole
logic of the flow. It has to be
something where if it's great, great, if
not, then it's fine. And so, the way to
set this up is you have to go to on
error,
and here we have three options. In this
case, it would just be continue. And so,
what we do here is it continues, and it
actually sends the error output, right?
The error message, to the next step. So,
if I go here, I added an extra S, I can
go here or extra F in this case, and I
can see that this is the message that I
get. Now, on the outside, everything
looks great because you can see
that this succeeds, right? There's a
check mark. But on the inside, what we
get is a message, right? We get this
error message that we can then use
[music] to give to the next step. If I
go here to the next step, I can then
pull the error message, put it over here
like a normal variable. I can execute
[music] the step, and this is the output
that we get right here. The third
technique is called split error route.
Now, split error route is a technique
that we use in a lot of our automations
to split the automation based on the
logic cuz everything is logic. What that
means in the plainest of English is this
step runs if this step actually
succeeds, then it goes one way. If it
errors out, so something goes wrong,
then we go the next way. Now, typically
this is great because with automations,
because everything is built on logic,
then we would typically have a route.
So, if something goes right or
everything goes right, then it goes one
way and it continues the automation. If
something goes wrong, then we notify our
team saying, "Hey guys, something went
wrong." And so, if I go inside here,
I can see that now I have the same exact
API that we had before,
and this will now go through the success
branch, not the error branch. But if
there's an error,
so extra F, I can execute the step, and
I can see that now it goes to the error
branch, which is
this one here.
And the way to set this up is if you go
to settings,
on error, so again, what happens when
there's an error, you [music] can
continue using error output,
right? It passes the item to an extra
error output,
which means that it gives us two
different paths to go [music] down with
our automation, one here and one here.
And if I go to my email, which in this
case is a step that we have right after
there's an error in a workflow,
we can send the error message as an
output, which in this case looks like
this,
right? And so, right here I have the
workflow, and in this case, let's say
it's a success, right? Just take the F
out here.
You can execute this, and it goes the
next way.
And if I go to my email, right? And I
have this error here,
no route or get XYZ. Now, honestly, this
right here makes no sense to any normal
human looking at this unless you know
APIs and so on. We could delete all
these things, all these lines, uh just
to make it look cleaner. Um and yeah,
you can have this, so you're notified
when something happens. Now, there
actually is a better way when it comes
to uh using the notification when
something errors out, which I'll show
you in the last technique, but this is
great because it gives us two options,
right? It gives us the success option,
and it gives us the error option, all
within the same workflow. Next technique
is actually within the AI agent. So, if
I go to the AI agent and I go on chat,
and I can say
hello.
What this does is that it talks to the
brain, [music] right? Because again, we
mentioned that the brain is the LLM,
which means an AI that helps it think
through what it needs to do,
>> [music]
>> new instructions, based on the prompt
that we have inside. Now, this is all
great until this stops working, right?
There is a chance that this just errors
out, but this LLM just errors out, which
is where we add a fallback agent LLM.
So, if I go inside here, I can see that
I have an option here to enable fallback
model. If I turn this off, that means
that it removes the option for me to add
a fallback agent LLM. As you can see,
this is just [music] a glitch that n8n
needs to fix, uh but you will have no
option here as well. And so, the thought
behind this is, okay, cool. If we run
this and it goes here to the agent, then
the agent called its brain because
that's how it thinks, and it doesn't
work, then we just break the whole
[music] thing, right? And so, why don't
we add a step
in the middle where if it doesn't work
here, it then uses [music] a different
LLM to be able to try again. And so,
that's where we go in here, we turn this
on, and we start adding the fallback
agent [music] LLM. Now, the fallback
agent LLM, ideally, it would be a
different LLM because if OpenAI doesn't
work in that moment, it will probably
not work in that moment as well. Um so,
you want to make sure that you connect
it to another LLM,
and you will be able to then use this as
a fallback. So, if I go here, rename
this
fallback,
it will use this model right here in
case this one doesn't work. So, right
here, if I go inside
and I go to my connection,
and I just name it fail,
save.
Let's put an API key,
fake one.
Uh if I go out, I can see that now I
have a fake credential called fail,
which means that now it shouldn't work,
right? And so, if I go here to open
chat, I can say hello. This will now go
here, there's an error, and see how it
instantly talks to the next fallback LLM
to then give you an answer. Now, this is
great because a lot of the times, like I
mentioned, LLMs don't work, right? And
so, you want a some sort of fallback,
some sort of agent that they can rely on
if the first one doesn't work. It's sort
of like you're playing sports, you have
the main people and then the bench,
right? Which is me when I was younger.
And so, when we have the main guy who's
playing, and the main guy gets injured,
then it calls another guy, and then they
call me. But in this case, they call the
guy in the bench, and the guy in the
bench is a fallback LLM. All right, the
next one is called the error workflow.
So, this is what I meant by the other
way of doing this, [music] split error
route, because we actually set up a
completely new automation,
which receives
any error that comes from any automation
in our workspace, and then we can do
whatever we want. Now, this has to be a
separate automation. So, this is just
the automation that we're running now,
right? But [music] this will be a node
that we add in a different automation.
Now, the way to set this up is we need
to have a workflow. We have to activate
this, right here.
Once I activate this, all I have to do
is go, make a new workflow like this,
which has the error trigger. And again,
you can't activate this because it
doesn't let you, cuz this is already
activated. And I'll go here. You want to
go to settings. You then want to go
[music] and choose the error workflow,
which in this case is this, right? Which
is the workflow where the error trigger
node is here, and you just want to
attach to it. So, in this case, for
mine, it will be E with the R right
here. I can press save, and now what
happens is that I just connected this
automation
to the error workflow. So, that whenever
something wrong happens here, it sends
the data or sends a notification on the
other workflow. So, [music] let me test
it out. So, now let's say we go inside
here and we execute the step.
This should now work, right here. Should
give us a picture of a dog.
Right? Um and what we want to do here is
we want to make sure that this will run
now every 5 seconds. That's fine. Let me
make sure there's an error here.
It's a F.
Let me run this.
There's an error.
Okay, cool. Now, if I press save, this
will now run the workflow every 5
seconds, and it should now send a
notification to our workflow every 5
seconds because there's an error here.
So, if I go inside here,
I go to editor again,
just to refresh cuz you have to reload
the actual automation, you go to
executions.
I can see now that we have new errors
coming every single time. And on the one
end, it's a error, right? But on this
end, it's a success because that's what
this job of the error node does. Now,
because I'm actually paying for
executions, I'm going to
deactivate this.
But as you can see here, we now have a
bunch of different workflow executions
that we can then
>> [music]
>> use to then be able to send ourselves an
email, right? So, if I go in here,
I can see that I have the URL of the
workflow, the description,
which actually makes sense in plain
English,
that we can now use to actually build
out a workflow here. So, if I go to copy
the editor,
which means that it now pins the actual
output that we got from that run.
I can then go to Gmail.
I can send a message.
Obviously, connect to Gmail by going
here, press sign with Google.
And you'll be good to go. Message, send,
let's do my email. Let's do subject
line, which means
>> [music]
>> you can say error in workflow.
And then the email type, let's just do
text.
Cuz HTML is basically saying, "Hey,
let's make it look pretty." We don't
have to. [music] Saying, "Hey, Michele.
There was
an error in this [music] workflow."
So, URL.
You can put the URL here.
Error description.
And you can put the description [music]
here.
And you can go
level and you can do warning.
Just saying, "Hey, to what extent do we
have to worry about this?" You can just
do warning. [music] And now, what I can
do is I can run this. And in that case,
it will error out and it will send me an
email every single time with those
variables that change. And if I go to my
email, I can see here that I have error
in workflow. Saying, "Hey, Michele.
There was an error in this workflow.
The error description is this. The URL
is this." And if I actually go inside
the URL, it will take me directly
to the execution
of the error of the workflow.
Which is amazing, right? Because now we
can go here, we can try this again,
right? Where we basically tried it again
with with something that actually works.
>> [music]
>> And now we can rerun the execution to
make sure that we don't actually lose
the data of this. It's all here. So,
those are pretty much the only error
handling techniques that you need to
know inside of n8n to make sure that you
have a way to handle errors. Because
what you start to realize when you're
working with clients is that building it
for fun on a YouTube video like this and
building it for a client is a tiny bit
different. You want to make sure that
these actually work every single time.
Right? Because sometimes when we're
building it for fun, we don't think
about what if it goes wrong, right? We
just actually build it, it looks cool,
>> [music]
>> it works in that moment. But what if it
doesn't work? And that's when we use
these techniques, depending on your use
case, to be able to mitigate that error,
to be able to uh be safe when something
happens.
Hey, so in this video I'm going to show
you 30 n8n hacks that I wish I knew when
I got started that will help you make
your workflows at least three times
faster and save a ton of money on
execution. All these are hacks that I
had to learn the hard way over the
course of the past 12 months building
and selling automation to businesses. If
that sounds like something that you want
to improve on and learn, then this video
is for you. Let's dive in. So, the first
hack is actually software updates. So,
sometimes when you build automations on
n8n, and a lot of times when you watch
videos of people actually adding steps
to the automation, they go here and then
look in the app.
Sometimes you don't have any new
software. It's because n8n actually
updates a platform so that they're able
to add more and more nodes, more and
more actual executions or or stuff to
the platform so that you are able to
make your workflows more efficient. And
so, the thing you have to do, the way to
update your your workflow or your
account is to go to sign in. You'll be
brought to this page. All you want to do
here is you want to manage
You're going to go here and you want to
press the latest version. In this case,
this is a beta, so you might want to
press the one below or alpha or the
latest stable in this case, which is the
most stable version of n8n as of right
now that will help you build your
workflows in the current version. The
second hack is deactivating workflow.
So, let's say I have a workflow right
here triggered manually, have a HTTP
request, which talks to a server, and
then step after this is edit or set
fields. So, X equals Y.
Right? And then here, let's say I have
my website.
So, if I press execute step, now this
will scrape the website. Now,
let's say I run this whole workflow.
This will run this, this, and this
successfully. But let's say I had a
problem when I was running this. Let's
say I add some more stuff.
Now, if I execute workflow, this will
stop right here. And when we're building
automations on n8n and we want to
execute this even if this fails, then
all you have to do is press on the node
and press D. This way it deactivates the
node so that you're able to run even the
next step without this without this
influencing the decision itself. And
this stops It doesn't even consider this
node right here when it's running the
automation. So, if I execute workflow,
even though there's an error here, it
didn't run it and it will go to the next
step. The third hack is not really a
hack, but it's more so the fact that n8n
does not charge you for the amount of
test executions that you do when you're
testing the workflows. So, what I mean
by this is that we tested this, this,
and this. These are three different or
this is one execution. But if I go to
the admin panel, as you can see right
right now I have zero.
And if I run this across right now, I
also have zero again. Right? So, when
you're testing automations in n8n, the
the actual amount of executions that you
do or work for executions that you do
when you're testing does not count to
the amount that you have to pay every
single month. So, to show you when you
have to pay for something, I just added
a schedule trigger. I'm going to
activate this. So, now this is going to
run every 10 seconds. If I go here, I
can see that this is running right now
for two, three, four seconds. It's
successful. And if I go here to the
admin panel, I can refresh
and I can see that now I have one
execution out of the 2,500 that I have
every single month. So, this is more so
how n8n actually charges you on the
platform. Uh but just know that when
you're testing the automations, you are
not charged for the execution workflow
executions that you do on a testing
base. The next hack is actually pinning
data. So, let me remove this. Let me put
a trigger manually.
We have this.
Let's say I have to run this every
single time. You see how this may take
10 seconds, may take 15 seconds. And to
test this step, let's say I wanted to
to do all the data here.
Let me drag this across.
Now, if I drag this across, if I execute
the workflow,
the data here, the result that we get is
a result from the previous step.
And if I have to get these points of
data, I have to rerun the whole thing
over and over again. Well, not really,
because n8n just added the feature of uh
pinning data. So, you can go here and
actually pin the data so that we're able
to execute this workflow almost
instantly right here
without having to wait for these nodes
to run because we have test data to work
with. This is great when you have a
100-node workflow, when you have a lot
of steps. So, let's say I
copy-paste this
and have all these steps. So, let's say
now we have a four-step execution. If I
want to execute the workflow here, let's
say I wanted to get the data from the
HTTP without having to run it, I can use
the test data that we have in order to
actually get the data. In this case, the
HTTP was not run because of the fact
that it is pinned. But now when you want
to activate the scenario and you want to
get different data every single time
using the HTTP request, you want to
unpin this. And to do this, you can
press P again. So, you can pin and pin.
That's another hack. Another hack here
is actually something that a lot of
people underuse, which is the AI feature
on n8n. If I go here to ask the
assistant and ask it, "Hey,
n you or hey, how can we build
a human in the loop
agent?"
This AI assistant is one of the best
that I've seen on any automation
platform out there because what it does
is that it thinks It actually thinks
through what it needs to do, but then it
consults through the community, through
the documents first, and then the
community that has full of people who
actually uh engage with the community.
And as you can see, it says answer in
the community. So, it gives you three
different places that it pulls
information from. So, it gives you a
very, very contextual answer. And it
does actually help quite a lot when
you're building automations. Another
hack here is that when I go inside this,
for example, and I want to remove this
and I want to pull in data from the HTTP
request, usually I would have to drag
and drop this here.
As you can see, this is actually code.
So, if you can actually map this without
having to drag this across. All you have
to do is square bracket square bracket.
I can go dollar sign. I can then look
for the nodes that we have to reference.
In this case, hey, I want to get
information from the HTTP request node,
the edit fields node, or the other edit
fields node right here. Let's say I want
to do HTTP request.
I can then put dot and then I have this
option right here to do the item, which
is exactly the one that we want to do.
In this case, I can now still get the
output I got before without having to
drag and drop this. So, the next hack is
actually something that I've never seen
anyone say out on YouTube before, which
is the ability for us to add images on
our notes. So, notes are a way to
document your your automation. This I
think is one of the best uh things that
n8n actually put out, which is something
that are lacking in the other automation
platforms or the way that we have it set
up here. So, let's say I have a note and
I do
image one.
Now here, instead of putting text, which
you normally would,
right? You're not limited by text, but
you can also add images. So, the way to
add an image is to put an exclamation
mark. You do a square bracket.
This.
So, again. And now, you would have to
put the image URL right here. So, right
here we have an image URL, which you
have to put to then be able to see our
image here. So, let me pull in an image
that I have uh from the web. And so,
what I did is I actually took a
screenshot of this. I made it into a
public URL so anyone can access it. And
if I paste it, I can see now that I have
the image of this automation here. You
can imagine now this gives you a lot of
possibilities when you're documenting
things to actually add documents or add
document pictures or pictures, whatever
it is you have to put to add to the
documentation that you're putting for
other people to look at your
automations. Also, the next hack is an
error handling hack. So, if I go here,
delete this.
And let's say I have a set node behind
or before this. Let me do
copy and paste. Another hack right
there.
Paste this and I say I do I give it JM
Solutions
.com. So, now I want to pull this
variable and put it in here.
Drag this across.
So, then now this is basically scraping
whatever It's actually trying to access
anything that I put here.
Let's say I run this.
Now, I get an invalid URL right here
because this right here does not have an
HTTP
HTTPS, which which is which is what we
need in order for us to actually run
this. Now, let's say I go here and I go
to executions. I can see that here we
have an execution telling us, "Hey, you
ran this. There was an error." So,
there's two things we actually can do.
The first one is debug in editor. So, we
are able to access the way that the
workflow was when it erred, which is
great because now we can see exactly
what it is that the input was, what is
the output.
But also, the thing we can do is press
this button right here, which is retry
with currently saved workflow. So, what
this means is that you run a workflow,
so you run an automation. In this case,
it's this. Let's say it errors out. You
want to try again with the same data
that we had so we don't lose different
things. Let's say we had a Google Sheet
that was running every single day and it
count the the most recent 100 rows.
Let's say one row failed. You still want
to execute that same row even if it
failed because it is important to us
because it's still a data point that we
want to process. The next hack is
actually a switch mode. Go here to edit
node and I put X equals Y. This is just
something that we put just to test. Now,
the next step can actually be a switch
node
right here.
So, a switch node allows us to do
different things.
The The first thing that allows us to do
is to basically send the automation
different ways based on where we want it
to go and based on different criteria.
So, in this case, we have routing rules.
So, this means, "Hey, if this equals
that, then send it this way. If that
equals this, then send it this way." So,
we say we had a very easy sort of thing.
Add routing rule.
The
Or in this case, let's actually do a
different step. So, let's say we had
this
equals to y
and this
equals to x.
Right? So, in this case now, if I run
this, and again, this is called the 01,
I can run this, and it will send it this
way because this is
set to y. Right? And the second thing
was y. So, there's actually one hack
that we can do here because we can
rename the output. So, right here,
instead of having 0 and 1, we can have
this is x
or this is y in this case.
And here, I can have this is x.
So, that here, I can see that this is
This is y, and this is This is x. Which
is amazing when we're trying to uh Let's
say we get emails. We get an email that
we get. And let's say that if the email
contained something in the subject line,
it was a support email or a FAQ email or
something email, then we would rename
this with support, Q&A, or something
else, right? And it's amazing because it
allows us to visually see exactly what's
happening in the workflow.
All right. So, the next one is actually
the N8N attributions. So, if I go to
Gmail and I send myself an email, so
let's do send a message.
Let's put my email.
Do hello.
Hey there.
And I run this,
this will use my email to send my
emails. So, if I go here, I can see that
on the email itself, it says, "This
email was sent automatically with N8N."
Now, ideally, we don't have this or we
don't want to have this when we're using
it for businesses we're sending email to
clients because you want it to feel more
personal, and we don't want to exactly
say this is an automation, right? So,
what we do here is actually remove the
uh N8N attribution. So, if I go back
here,
and I go to add options, I can see that
I have append N8N attributions. If I
turn this off,
now if I rerun the automation, you can
see they got another email from Michele
James Solutions, but now there was no
N8N attribution. There was no, "Hey, N8N
sent this."
So, that we can actually send emails
that feel more personal that doesn't I
don't tell them, "Hey, N8N sent this. We
have an automation set up." Um so, you
can actually use it for your own
clients. So, the next hack is actually
on N8N forms, and it's the way that we
actually design the forms. So, if I go
in here and I want to execute the
workflow, and I want to Let's say test
the form. We can see that we have this
color right here. We have this font,
this color, this layout, which is
standard for N8N. But, what if you had a
company that wanted something with their
own brand colors that we can send to
clients that makes the client feel more
more aligned with or more in vision with
with the company itself. We can actually
customize it. So, to do that, we can add
an option. We can go to custom form
styling, and it gives you this code
right here.
So, if we copy this, and we go to
ChatGPT, and we say, "Can you also or
can you
or this is the N8N
um general
styling
form styling code. I want the
general
color and theme
to be blue.
To be light blue.
Again, this you substitute this with
anything that the client has like brand
colors and so on.
So, now we let ChatGPT run. And this is
all within CSS, which is just a way of
programming language that allows us to
change the design of things. All right.
So, it just finished. And by the way, uh
this right here, when you see hashtag
something something something, it just
says blue color. White, blue, uh blue,
and very light blue. These right here
represent colors. So, if I copy this,
and I go back to N8N,
I can paste it here. And if I want to
execute the step,
I now see that the form is in my brand
colors. It's blue. And you can do
whatever you want with it. You can
obviously customize the background and
so on. But, this adds that little touch
to us actually being able to customize
the form for whatever we want for our
brand colors. All right. So, the next
hack is on a schedule trigger. So, we
use the schedule trigger when we want to
run the automation maybe once a day,
once once a year, uh every second, every
whatever it is. Right? But, now we can
actually customize it even more as in
the time triggers like when it actually
runs. If you go here to trigger
interval. So, this is you want to run it
every second, minutes, hours, days,
weeks, and months. We can actually do a
custom cron. So, cron is a way that we
express time. So, if I go here to
documentation,
I can see that now
I have a lot more a lot more options.
You can do a custom. So, we can do it
every day at 2:00 a.m.
And I can copy this, and then paste it
here.
And this signifies every day at 2:00
a.m.
And it tells you that second, minute,
hour, day of the month, month, day of
the week. And this right here is a very
custom way that you can uh obviously run
your automations. But, I think it's
really really cool that we get to that
we're able to run automations whenever
we want in a very very custom order. I
mean, we have a ton, right? We have
every midnight, every Sunday, every
Thursday, once a week. This gives us a
lot more flexibility when we're building
automations. All right. So, the next
hack is actually on the workflow and the
way that data actually moves in the the
sequential order that it moves. So, an
example here is when we have an execute
workflow, and let's say we have a series
of steps.
But, we have two ways that the
automation can go through it. And it
will go through the two ways because we
have no filter involved. But, which one
does it do first? Well, in this case, if
I execute the workflow,
you can see that it goes up here first,
and then waits 3 seconds cuz I wanted to
show you that. Uh it then does
everything. So, this runs the workflow
that is actually on the top. So, if
again, if I put this to the top, we can
see that now it executes this first.
And this applies for anything that you
do. In case you have three, in case you
have four, in case you have five. So, if
you're wondering why your workflows are
running the way they are in the
sequential order, just know that it
runs. The first workflow that it runs is
the first uh is the one on the top, and
then it goes uh obviously on a worker
level on a lateral level until the end.
All right. So, the next hack is actually
on the webhooks. So, if I go here to
webhooks,
I can see that we have a test URL and a
production URL. This is the exact same
that we have on forms within N8N. And
just know that the test URL is only used
when you're testing the automations. And
once you set them to active, so once you
press this button right here,
activate this. Now, this will now you
have to change the production URL.
Right? You have to change the URL that
you're using for the external server
that we have to use uh when you're
putting it to active. So, just know that
test URL is when you're testing,
production URL is when the automation is
active. All right. So, the next hack is
actually calling another workflow within
a workflow. So, let's say I have an
automation right here, and then have x =
y, right? It's good. And now, the next
step can actually be calling another
workflow to do something and then giving
us the data. So, let's say I have
execute uh sub workflow,
which is the action that we want to do.
Now, it's asking us to source the data
as which is fine. And then it's asking
us which workflow do you want to call in
order to to send the data and actually
execute before getting the data back.
So, if I go here, I can actually create
an uh sub workflow. So, I can go
workflow, personal
in this case. And now, I start from
scratch. So, this right here,
the trigger will be when executed by
another workflow.
Let's leave this to all
accept all data, which means that it
sends everything. And now, let's say I
do
edit field.
Do hello.
I say, "My name
is Michele."
Let's say I do wait.
I wait 5 seconds before we send the data
back.
So, let me save this. As you can see, we
already can't activate this because it
always runs whenever it's called. But,
here I can then Let me name this
hello world.
I can now go here, and I can choose
hello world to be the workflow that's
executed that sent the data to be for we
get the data back. So, in this case, if
I execute it, I can see that it's
running
because it takes 5 seconds, of course. I
mean, we have this step right here, and
then it waits 5 seconds, and then sends
it back.
I go here, I can see that we have the
data back, which is My name is Michele.
So, this right here, what it did is that
it sent the data to the workflow, and
then got it back, and now I can move on
to the next steps.
If I go here, I can see that executions.
So, this was successful, and then it
sent the data back. So, this is great
when you're building automations because
of the fact that when you build a linear
workflow, which means that it follows a
very specific process, and it's just one
line, you can't actually add more
automations here unless you actually
call them, right? So, in this case, this
sort of acts as an AI agent, um which is
similar to make.com's AI agent in the
sense that it actually calls workflows,
uh predefined workflows, and it gets the
data back. All right. So, the next hack
is actually using a loop over items. So,
in this case, we have an automation that
starts with a list of YouTube channels.
It then lists all the videos and it
scripts the comments from these videos
in order for us to actually be able to
know exactly what people want and in
order for us to have a database full of
content ideas and hooks and outlines
that we can use to generate content for
us. By the way, if you want to watch a
full video, check it out right here. And
so, right here, when we go to Apify,
Apify is scraping all the comments. But,
in this case, it gives us 505 comments,
which we then have to send to AI. Now,
typically with AI, it doesn't actually
take in or in this case, ChatGPT, it
can't take so much context. It can't
take everything at once. Because the way
that N8N works is that we have different
items. So, in this case, it's 505 items,
which are different comments in this
case.
Right? Different comments. This will run
through all the different comments at
once. And so, what we do here is
actually use a loop over items, which I
can find
right here. Loop over items. Split in
batches.
And we tell it, "Hey, only send 50
through
until and run this whole thing until
here,
and then send it back." So, we use this
right here
to loop it all back until we get the
other 50, and we get the other 50, and
the other 50 until the 505 is finished.
This is great because we're sort of
splitting the automation up into
different items so that the automation
can run the first step, go back, run set
amount of items. In this case, it's 50.
It can be 30. It can be 100, 150. Um
but, in this case, we want to keep it at
50 so that AI is actually able to uh to
cover all of those. All right. So, the
next hack is actually within testing AI
agents because whenever you want to test
any agent, you assume that you need to
get have an input. There has to be an
input for the agent to think through
what you just asked it and then give you
an answer back. But, what if I wanted to
test only this part, and I didn't want
to chat with it every single time in
order for it to actually run? Well, in
this case, let's say I do hello.
You see how now, because of the input,
it then does its thing. If I go here, I
can now pin the data so I don't have to
keep chatting to it every single time in
order for the actual agent to run. But,
bear in mind the data that goes through
the input will be the chat input, which
is hello.
Another hack that you can do is actually
press this button right here, so you can
manipulate the input. In this case,
let's do how's the weather
in Rome?
And save it. So, now the input changed,
and that's what it's going to be fed
into the agent every single time. So, if
I go here, I cannot only test this step
because this is pinned. I don't have to
chat with it every single time, which
makes testing so much easier. The next
hack is actually something that I was
wondering when I was building AI agents
myself because I thought, "Okay, we we
chat with it on N8N right here, but what
if I want to activate this to a client?"
Right? Do I have to always use Telegram
or WhatsApp or Slack, whatever it is?
Can't I just use something inside of
N8N, a link that someone can use for a
chatbot? Well, the answer is yes.
Because if I go here,
and I go to make chat publicly
available, if I copy this, and by the
way, you have to activate that scenario
first, so you have to activate this.
Activated.
And I paste this in the web. Now, I can
actually chat to the AI agents. If I
say, "Hello."
What it will do is that it will think
through the AI agents. So, if I go back
here, I go to executions, I can now see
that we just chatted with, and the input
was hello, right? And and so, you can
actually chat to this. This would be the
link that you share with the client
whenever they have to talk to it, or
whenever you have to talk to it as a way
to have a personal assistant without
having to rely on Telegram or Slack or
WhatsApp, whatever it is. So, the next
hack is actually being able to connect
an AI agent to another AI agent. So,
let's say I go to tool, and I go to
agent AI agent tool, I can now see that
I have the a possibility to connect the
AI agent to another AI agent right here.
This right here is an example of a
workflow, an assistant that I built that
uses this exact feature of calling
sub-agents within the main agent. Sort
of like this is the CEO of the company,
and these are the head of departments,
and the head of departments talk to the
employees which actually do the exact
task. But, this is great because
previously we actually had to make an AI
agent somewhere else, and then be able
to call it on a different workflow, and
then send the data back. But, in this
case, we can all do it in the same
place. And again, the way to set it up
is to go to tool, put the AI agent tool,
and then you can simply do the same
thing that you do here. You can put a
chat model. In this case, let's do
OpenAI.
You can do the memory. This is this
here. And now you connect it to any tool
that you want, right? In this case, it
can be whatever. It can be Gmail
here, and so on.
And the way to actually know whether it
sends it here is to be able to give it a
prompt.
You tell it, "Hey, only execute this, or
this is the data that you're going to
get, and do XYZ."
Just like a general agent would. All
right. So, the next hack is actually
prompting the AI agent in a very
specific way. So, if I go here, I know
that every AI agent has a system
message, which is a message or prompt
that we tell the AI agent whenever we
want to give it instructions. So,
typically the way they would look is we
have
overview,
which is an overview of what it needs to
do. Then we have tools. And the way the
reason why we actually use these
hashtags is to give it a It's called
markdown formatting. So, this is heading
two, this is heading one, this is
heading three. In this case, we can
leave it at heading two.
And then we also have rules.
And something that people don't even put
whenever they're using AI agents. Let's
say the AI agent was connected to a
calendar, and we say, "Hey, can you make
an event for tomorrow?"
How does it know today's date? Well,
that's the thing about AI because it
doesn't actually remember today's date.
Let me show you. So, if I go here, and I
have no prompt in this case,
and I ask it, "Hey,
what's today's date?"
You see that it says, "Hey, today's date
is April 27th, 2024." Well, today is
actually 4th of September, 2025. So, we
know that AI is actually not that good
remembering dates, which is crucial
because usually we have tools like
Google Calendar or Gmail, and when we
have to say different dates, let's say
we say, "Hey, send a meeting for
tomorrow." or "Schedule a meeting for
next week." We want to be able for the
AI agent to know when today's date is so
that it can contextualize it when we say
it tomorrow or next week, whatever it
is. So, to actually fix that, we go here
to the system message.
We say,
"Today's date." This is going to be at
the end of the each prompt. So, we have
the overview, we have the rules, tools,
and all that stuff. And then we say,
"Today's date." Then you put curly
bracket, curly bracket, you put a nest
dollar,
and then you put now right here. Now,
this right here is going to be fed into
the AI agent every single time as an
extra so that it remembers today's date.
So, now if I ask it,
"Hey,
what is today's date?"
Because it knows the date, it can say
September 4th, 2025. So, this makes a
difference because again, when you have
calendar tools, you want to know exactly
when today's date is to be able to
contextualize it for next week or next
month, or whatever. All right. So, the
next hack is actually using a GPT that
Chris Roberts, I don't know who he is,
uh but he made a GPT that actually works
pretty well when you want to debug or
need help with automations. Now, I
mentioned that you can go and talk to
the AI right here, the AI assistant,
which pulls from the community, which
pulls from from different places, which
is amazing, but it doesn't actually
solve everything. So, in this case, I
use this GPT, I give it a picture,
whatever it is, some sort of voice, even
if you want to ask it, "Hey, I want to
build this automation." It actually does
a pretty good job. Now, I'm going to
leave the link down below. Again, this
is not mine. I'm not affiliated with
anything here. I actually genuinely use
this, and I think this is actually
pretty good GPT. All right. So, the next
hack is actually within the HTTP request
and the way that we actually set up
APIs. So, sometimes when we want to add
an app, let's say I go to on app event,
and I want to look for an app, but it's
not here. I then have to go to Google
and search up the app name, the software
name. Let's say ClickUp, and we search
up ClickUp API documentation. And we get
on this page. Now, this page is an API
documentation. It's a very follows a
very standard way of that it looks. We
have different requests, we have the
summary of the request, and then we have
something called a curl. And this curl
right here is something that previously
we had to manually paste into the HTTP
request because we have the URL, which
in this case is the one here.
We have the headers, which is the one
here.
Send headers.
Uh and we have the body in this case,
which is not here. But, now we can
actually copy this, and we can go back
here, and we can import curl, we can
paste this, and we can import it.
So, then now we don't have to know
exactly where things have to go at each
time. We can just worry about sending
the data that we actually need to send,
and not setting things up on HTTP
request. Now, one more thing is that a
lot of the times when you have to use a
software like ClickUp or other softwares
as well, we have to use something called
an API key. Now, this is a key that we
use to say, "Hey, this is my access
token. This is my password. You can
access it." Right? And most of the
times, the way that we actually use API
keys is by adding them here. So, we do
API key, and this is not always
standard. And then we have to put some
long code that, you know, signifies a
password. But, in this case, instead of
putting it here every single time, or
here, you can go to generic credential
type, we then can go to bearer off right
here,
and we can create a new credential. In
this case, it can be the actual API key
that you're using
right here.
And now you can name it whatever you
want.
ClickUp.
Let's save.
And now you're able to actually access
the API key every single time, or the
HTTP request is able to access the API
key here. Uh and whenever you have to
use ClickUp, all you have to go is here.
You can use ClickUp, and you don't have
to re-add the API key here. Now, the
next hack is actually batching. So, a
lot of the times when we do HTTP request
to a server, uh the server actually has
limits. So, let's say Airtable has a
limit of I think it was 100 requests per
minute or something like that, and the
HTTP request sometimes can go over that.
So, for us to actually limit the amount
of requests that we send to the server
for a amount of time, we can go down
here,
add options, we can go to batching, and
now we can add we only want to send 50
items per this interval. In this case,
it's 1 second. 50 items per 1 second.
And so, you have to obviously look at
the limit uh the API limit of that the
platform has, but this allows us to be
more flexible and navigate errors
because a lot of the times we know
there's errors when we send too many
requests to the to the actual platform
cuz they have a restriction. And in this
case, we say, "Hey, only send 50 through
at once every second." And we can change
this. This can be 10 10 million, right?
Whatever it is that you want to do, and
you can change the time from it, you can
change the amount of items that will go
through the API request at each time.
All right. So, the next hack is actually
within error handling itself. Uh now,
let's say we had a workflow that looked
like this. We have the schedule trigger
which runs every 10 seconds, and then we
have a HTTP request that we're calling.
In this case, it's my website, so if I
execute this step, this gives me the
whole code. But, let's say now I
activated this,
which runs every 10 seconds. So, now
it's calling the API every 10 seconds,
and I wanted to Let's say I changed
something like this, or added some more
stuff here. And I press save. So, we can
see here that we got an error
because of the fact that again, we put
an invalid URL, and this is not work.
Now, the good thing about error handling
is that we have debug and error chain,
we have go back to the same data before
that I showed you.
We also have something called an error
workflow. And this just means that
whenever a workflow stops working
because there's an error, we call or we
send the data to another workflow to
then do whatever it needs to do. But,
let me show you exactly cuz it it makes
much more sense once I show you. All
right. If I go here, another workflow,
the personal,
I can add
something called an error trigger.
So, this error trigger basically works
so that it receives all the errors from
any workflow that you connect it to, and
then it does whatever. So, let's say I
do Gmail,
and I want to send myself an email
whenever I receive an error from any
workflow. Okay, so now I'm going to
email right here. There was an error in
the workflow. Let me do
uh exclamation mark. Go here, I can
press save. Now, if I go back to the
original automation, I have to go to
settings
right here,
and then I have to go to error workflow
so to notify the error. So, in this
case, let me name this
error
right? So, I know that it is this
workflow right here. And now I can
choose the workflow to send the data to
when it errors. In this case, it will be
error, as you can see here, and I press
save. Now, let's execute this every 5
seconds.
And I press save. Let me press active.
So, this right here should now, when it
executes, it's going to error up again,
like here, as you can see.
There is a every 5 seconds. And if I go
here, I can see in the executions that
this was successful as in it's getting
the data because it there was an error
in the workflow. If I go to my email,
I can now see that I have a bunch of
emails saying there's an error, there's
an error, there's an error. Now, this is
great because Let me actually turn this
off cuz I don't want a bunch of emails
here.
This is great when you have different
automations. So, we have a bunch of
automations. Let's say we have 10 or 20
within the workspace. We all connected
this, we all connect all the different
automations to the error trigger so that
we know exactly every single time, and
it does the same thing.
Right? Which is amazing because then we
have everything centralized, and we have
everything within one workflow to be
able to notify us when there's an error.
I said the next hack is actually called
a human in the loop. So, let's say I had
a simple automation like this. I can go
here, [clears throat]
I can go go to human in the loop, and
this is across multiple different
platforms. So, let's say I use Gmail and
I SMS out the email and I execute
previous nodes. This is an example. In
this case, there's an error, so I can't
do that, but I'll say hello.
I say this.
Hello.
How's it going? Let's say I pull
something from before, previous step.
And then we have the response step,
which is essentially saying, "Hey, when
I send you the email for you to to check
or something, submit something, do you
want it to be an approval so you can
approve or disapprove? Do you want it to
be free text so you can actually give me
feedback, or do you want it to be a
custom form?" So, in this case, let's do
approval.
Let's say I
already sent the email.
I can get this and I can approve right
here. And this sends the data back right
here. And then we got the approval. I
approved equals true. And now, this is
great in case you're building
automations like these. And by the way,
this is a human in the loop AI sales
agent that basically starts with the
form, right? Let me execute it actually
to show you. Uh which has different
fields. So, James, email, company name,
intent, budget, project description, and
timeline. Let me talk to we add it to
the sheet. We talk to the sales agent to
make a sales email, which then is being
sent to us for us to say, "Hey, approve
or deny." Or actually get feedback. Then
when we give it feedback, the text
classifier classifies whether this is
good feedback or bad feedback. If it's
negative, then it uses feedback to
rewrite the email, and it goes through
the whole thing over and over again
until we give it a positive feedback
saying, "Hey, all good." And then it
actually sends the email to the lead.
Hey, so in this video, I'm going to show
you exactly how you can set up your own
Google credentials so you can connect
with Gmail, Google Drive, and Google
Docs to N8N and get going right away.
Let's step in. All right, so if I go to
N8N right here, I can see that if I go
to Google Sheets and I want to connect
my Google Sheets to N8N, I can see that
I can simply just sign in with Google.
If I press this button, it will take me
to this page. I can choose an account.
I will then press continue.
And the connection is successful. Now,
this is great because N8N previously did
not have this, but now they implemented
this so you only have to sign in with
Google. This is the same exact case when
you want to sign in with Gmail. I'm
going to go here, create a new
credential, and you can sign in with
Google. This is the exact same process,
and it's amazing because it allows us to
not have to do any authorization or
anything like that. We just have to
press the button, choose the account,
and that's it. But now, if I go to
Google Drive right here,
I can see that I want to press create a
new credential, I have to add the client
ID and client secret. So, how is it that
we have to do this?
And if I go to Google Docs,
I can see that it's pretty much the
same. So, if I go here,
create a new credential, I have to add
the client ID and client secret as well.
So, in order for us to
generate the client ID and client
secret, let me go here.
I have to go to the documentation.
I have to scroll down.
The first step is create a Google Cloud
Console project. So, I have to go log in
to Google Console Cloud or Google Cloud
Console. I have to go right here on the
top, and I have to press new project.
You want to name the project. In this
case, we can name it Google Auth
tutorial.
There it is. I'm going to press create.
And now, the project is actually
creating for you. I'm going to press
right here, select project, and you know
that you're in the right project when on
the top left, you can see the Google
Auth tutorial.
Now, the first thing you want to do,
you're going to go to API and services.
And you want to search up for the apps,
for the softwares that you actually want
to connect your automations to. So, in
this case, if I go back to N8N, I can
see that I want to connect my Google
Drive, but also my Google Docs. The
first step I have to do is search up
Google Drive.
Google Drive API.
And I want to enable this.
It's the same here. Let's enable the API
so we can use it in the automation.
All right, cool. So, you have to do the
same and want to do the exact same for
Google Docs.
Press Google Docs.
Google Docs API.
I press here.
And you want to enable this.
Amazing. So, now that we have both APIs
enabled, all we have to do is go to
OAuth consent screen.
We have to get started.
Put the app name, so let's do test N8N.
User support email, this will be your
email. Next, you can put external.
Just fine.
The email address, put your email
address for mine.
For next, agree, continue, and create.
All right, so once this is done, we can
go here to create OAuth client.
This will take us to this page, and we
can choose the application. In this
case, it will be web application. Then
the client can be let's do killer test.
Now, it's asking us for two different
things. It's asking us, do we want to
add an authorized JavaScript origins or
authorized redirect URIs? So, this right
here, we leave blank, but if I go back
to N8N, I can see that they said in
Google Drive, it used the URL above when
prompted to enter an OAuth callback or
redirect URL.
So, what we want to do here is want to
copy this URL, go back to the OAuth
client ID, and you want to add it to the
authorized redirect URLs.
Press add URLs. I'm going to paste this,
and you want to press create.
Once this is done, we have the client
ID. Make sure to not share the client ID
with anyone uh because this is
confidential. I'm going to press this,
copy, go back,
paste it here,
and now we have the client ID. To get
the client secret, all we have to do is
go back here.
Press okay.
I'm going to go here to make it test.
The client secret will be this one right
here, client secret. I'm going to copy
this.
You want to now go here, client secret,
and you'll see the option to sign in
with Google. So, let's say I sign in
with Google.
This will give me this option. I can
press the account that I have, but now
it will block me. Access blocked. N8N
Cloud does not have complete Google
verification process. So, once we get
this, we know that we have to publish
the app. So, to do this, I can go to
audience.
I can go to publish app.
Confirm.
Now, the app is published. So, we can
then go back to N8N.
Sign in with Google.
Choose the account.
It will send me to this page. I can go
to advanced right here.
I can go to n8n.cloud.
And now, I can select all the different
things that we want to do. In this case,
it's edit, view, and create.
I can continue.
And the connection is successful.
I can see that the connection is
created.
Go here. Select connection.
And I can press save.
If I go here, let's say I want to create
a file from text. Let's say I say hello.
I press execute step. I can see that now
the connection was successful.
I go back to Google Docs.
We have to pretty much do the same
thing. So, in this case, I can create a
new credential.
Go here.
You can go to clients.
Make it a test. Well, actually, we can
copy the client ID from here. So, copy
this.
Paste it here.
Go back. Go to the
software,
the account. In this case, you can copy
the client secret again.
And you can paste this.
Now, we can sign in with Google.
Go here.
Advanced.
Go to n8n.cloud.
Select the different things you want to
do. Continue.
And the connection is successful.
Go back. I can name it.
Save.
Now, if I want to, let's say, create a
document for my drive. Folder name is an
invoice N8N. Now, I press say I say I
can go to execute step.
Now, the step is executed. And we can
see that everything works fine. So far,
you've built a solid foundation. You
know exactly how to connect apps, how
automations actually work, how to use
webhooks, and how to clean up data. But
automations can only get you so far. The
real magic is when you build automations
and pair them up with AI. So, in the
next module, we'll dive into the hottest
topic of N8N, which is AI agents. You'll
learn exactly what they are, how you can
use them, what is the difference between
an AI agent and a workflow, and finally,
how you can start building it from
scratch inside of N8N. And this is where
your automation doesn't just turn into a
simple workflow, but turns into a
virtual employee. With that being said,
let's dive in.
If you're someone who's been finally
wanting to understand AI agents, but
you're getting lost in all the technical
terms, and you're getting way too
overwhelmed, well, this video is for
you. Because I'm going to be breaking
down the fundamentals of AI agents as if
I'm teaching it to a five-year-old
>> [music]
>> so you finally understand what this
whole hype is about. All right, so we're
going to cover the fundamentals of AI
agents and the different types of AI
agents. And by the way, if you want to
see the difference between AI agents and
workflows, check out this video up here.
Um but this is the simplistic version of
what an AI agent does. We have an input
and we have an output. Between the input
and the output, there's an agent,
there's someone who is prompted with
instructions. So, he has instructions
saying, "Hey, you have to do XYZ if this
happens." And the AI agent, so the
actual thing, the the boss, uh which has
instructions, is connected to its brain,
and its brain is AI, so ChatGPT or
Claude or Gemini,
and it has a memory because as a normal
human, you remember the previous
conversations, so you have this context.
And then, it has tools. So, these are
the different things that it uses to
take action on something. So, in this
case, let's do an example. If the input
is send an email, what it will do is
that it will think through all the
system prompt instructions that it was
given saying, "Hey, if the user says
send an email, then call then use the
tool, which is Gmail." And that's how
the logic usually goes. And so, if you
have multiple tools, then the AI agent
is able to take actions on multiple
softwares, which means that it has
actions, it can send emails, it could
also schedule calendar events, it can
get calendar events. It all depends on
the different tools that you connected
to the AI agent that now it's able to
take action. Okay? So, input, send
something or do something, whatever it
is, agent will think through what it
needs to do with its brain, which is
ChatGPT or Claude or whatever it is. It
remembers the conversation, and then it
takes action on what we told it to do
based on the tool that is connected to.
And then, it will give us the output,
which is, "Yeah, everything was good.
You're good to go." And the beautiful
thing about this is that one AI agent
can be connected to five to 10 different
tools. So, one input can lead in a
series of outputs. It can lead to
multiple actions in multiple softwares.
Now, what does an AI agent actually look
like? We're going to use N8N as an
example just because it is the the
widely known AI agent feature. But, the
way that it looks like is we have a
chat, which is the input. So, this is
the thing that goes into the AI agent.
In this case, you can chat to it using
the native N8N chat node, which looks
like this.
You can say hello, right? Um
you can also use Telegram.
Telegram is sort of like a like a
WhatsApp. You can use Gmail, so it can
send conversations to the AI agent using
email.
And now, the information will pass
through
all the way to the AI agent. So, this
line means that it the information goes
through to here. Now, this is where the
agent is prompted. So, if I go in here,
this AI agent is consisted of three
different things. The first one is the
source for prompt. So, prompt is
basically saying, "Hey, what is the
thing that we're actually giving the AI
agent for it to do?" Right? What is what
is this thing? What is the input? What
is the chat? What is the email? And so,
we connect this So, we say connected
chat trigger node because currently the
AI agent is connected to the chat
trigger node. This is what it's called.
And then, the prompt user prompt
message, which is what is the thing
that's going inside. In this case, it
would be the JSON chat input because
this is the thing that's going through
here. Let me show you an example.
Let me disconnect this.
There we go.
Let me go here. Let me say, "Hello."
And now, the information will pass
through to here. Now, it gives an error
because this AI agent must be connected
to an AI in order to think through. But,
you can now see that the chat input,
which is this one, is hello.
Is the input that we gave it.
Now, the second thing here is the system
message. So, the system message is the
instructions that we give it. So, sort
of like you have an employee, and you
tell the employee, "Hey, if this
happens, call this. If that happens,
call this." You're training them on what
they're meant to do. Now, usually when
it comes to the prompts or the the
instructions that we give to the AI
agent, it consists of an overview. So,
saying, "Here, we're a helpful
intelligent XYZ assistant that does
XYZ."
And then, the tools. Now, the tools, you
basically explain the different
softwares that are connected to the AI
agent. So, it has context as to what it
can do, what tool it can do, what
software it can uh it can take action on
based on the ones that are connected to
it. And then, we have rules, which are
different rules. So, it can be when a
task requires using one or more tools,
make sure to identify which tool is the
most appropriate, pass along the
relevant details, and execute the
actions needed to complete the task.
So, these are different rules that we
tell the AI agent to make sure that the
quality of output is increasing. Because
sometimes, with the fact that it's AI,
it can hallucinate. It can make up some
stuff. It can do its own thing, and we
basically want to restrict it to doing
only the things that we want it to do.
So again, we have overview, tools, and
rules. And then, we also give it the
date and time because let's say we tell
it, "Hey, can you tell John that we have
a meeting tomorrow?" Well, the thing
about AI is that it's not the best at
remembering dates. So, we always want to
give it a date, which in this case, you
can simply do by
putting curly bracket, and then put now.
Right? So, now it will give it today's
date, and then we format it in a way
where it looks like this.
Right? Which is good.
And now, the AI agent will always have a
dynamic variable. So, it will always
have this, which changes every single
day based on what day it is. And it uses
that as context
when taking the action that it needs to
take. Now, obviously, this is not used
always, but when it makes a calendar
event, when it sends an email asking for
a specific time, uh this is very very
useful.
So, again, we have the chat input, and
then we have the system prompt, which is
the instructions that we give to the AI
agent when it needs to take action on
something.
Then, [snorts] we have the LLM plus
memory. The chat model here is the brain
of the AI agent. Now, I can
connect this to the model, right? So,
this is the um the line that allows the
AI agent to then pass through the input
to its brain using its instructions and
actually think. And in order for us to
actually connect the AI agent to OpenAI,
all we have to do is go here, create a
new credential, and you want to go to
platform.openai.com.
Log in.
You can go to dashboard.
You can go to API keys. And we're
basically making a password that N8N AI
agents can use when actually thinking
through its LLM. LLM just means ChatGPT
or Claude
uh in actually thinking through the
instructions. So, you can press this
button. You can say AI agent.
Create a secret key.
And make sure to copy this,
which we'll then paste right here.
And then, you can call this AI agent
test
3rd October.
Press save. And bear in mind that this
is not free, so you would have to go to
your profile,
and you would have to go to billing
uh right here, and make sure to add some
money because AI requires you to have
credits, and credits require money, uh
but it is very very cheap when we're
talking about a few cents per execution.
All right. So, now that we connected AI,
we have ChatGPT as the brain. All we
have to do now is connect the model.
Right? So, we're choosing the model that
the AI agent uses when it's thinking
through what it needs to do. So, now
that we have AI connected to it, let's
actually chat to it. Let's say, "Hello."
And now, you can see is that the input
went here. What it did is that it
automatically talked to its brain, which
is in this case, it's OpenAI, and then
it gave us an answer. So, the answer in
this case is, "Hello, how can I assist
you?"
And this is as if we're talking to the
actual ChatGPT interface on ChatGPT, but
we're connecting it using the API
version. So, the automatic version.
Now, we have memory. Now, memory right
here is when the AI agent when you want
the AI agent to remember previous steps
or conversations
uh when you're doing something. So, this
is useful when you're basically creating
a draft in email to John, and then um
the AI agent already knows who John is,
and you say, "Can you also schedule
calendar event?" So, now it has context
as to who John is for them be able to
take the next action without you having
to state who John is in the first place.
But, on a simple term, I can say,
"Hello.
How are you?"
And now, I can also ask it, "What did I
just
ask you?"
If I ask this, I can now get the answer,
which is
probably, "Hello, how are you? Uh you
asked me, 'Hello, how are you? How can I
assist you today?'" Now, as you can see
here, the logs, these are the different
steps that the AI agent took in order to
get to the output. Right? So, in this
case, what it did is that the AI agent
went through the simple memory. So, it
remembered exactly the conversation that
I had using the context.
Then, it uses AI to think through its uh
instructions, and then what it did is
that it used the memory tool again to
give us the actual answer. All right.
So, now that we have the LLM connected
to this and the memory, this tool right
here, so this is how the AI agent
actually takes action.
And we can connect this to Gmail and
calendar. And inside the Gmail, we set a
series of instructions and different
details to allow the AI to define what
the subject line is, what the message
is, and who are we sending the email to.
And same thing with the calendar.
This is going to be another tool that
the AI agent has access to in order to
take actions for us.
And we give it the before and after of
the event that we want to schedule, or
in this case, we want to get the event.
Um and now, if I speak to the AI agent,
this is prompted. If I go here, this is
prompted with the two different tools.
So, Gmail will be used to draft an
email.
Uh calendar will be used to get calendar
events. Right? So, it knows exactly when
to use each tool. And when I say,
"Hey, can you send an email?"
This should now send back
or should ask me who I'm sending the
email to.
I say, "Hey, I can help you draft an
email. Can you provide me with the
details of the email, such as the
recipient email address, the subject
line, and the message you'd like to
include?" So, I said, "Send an email to
Mikkel uh at work t at gmail.com saying
we have dinner tomorrow."
What this will now do is that it will
take action on the draft. As you can
see, it just called the tool. So, it
just sent a signal to the tool saying,
"Hey, I just got received instructions
to do XYZ. Can you do it?" As you can
see, we went through step by step right
here. And now, it says we have drafted
the email to Mikkel. So, if I go to my
email right here, I can see in the
drafts that we have dinner tomorrow to
this person right here. Obviously, you
can improve the prompt to make the email
actually more contextual or
I guess more sauce in the email, but
just know that it called the exact tool
that we wanted to call to take the
action that we wanted to take. Right?
Without us having to go to the Gmail
tool. And it did it within seconds. Now,
for my calendar, let's do an event um
lunch,
and let's do
dinner.
Right? We have one on Friday and one on
Sunday. If I go to N8N, let me ask it,
"Can you grab the events
from this week,
please?"
What this will now do is it will go
here. It will think through what it
needs to do. It will then call the
appropriate tool to then give us an
answer back, which should give us lunch
and dinner.
Um as you can see here, we have Q&A with
Shaz, which is something that I did
before, lunch, and dinner as well.
Because these were the three events we
have. Q&A with Shaz, lunch, and dinner.
And that's how fundamentally a simple
version of an AI agent looks like. It's
connected to an input. It thinks through
its LLM uh cuz that's how it's its brain
works. It It remembers the
conversations, and it takes action on
the the things that we want it to do
using different softwares. Now, this is
called a simple AI agent. Now, we can
get onto the multi-step AI agent. So,
this is an AI agent that is connected to
more AI agents and more tools. Right? As
you can see, it's more complex than just
a simple walk-through. And by the way,
if you want to see the full walk-through
of this AI agent, check out this video
up here. But, essentially, the way that
this works is that we have an input, and
we have an output. This is always the
case with AI agents. It doesn't change.
Now, the only difference here is that we
still have the system prompt
instruction. This is still the exact
same. Uh it still has a brain, which is
LLM. It still has a memory.
But, the only um change is that we're
not calling tools
as a first step. We're calling other
agents in the first step. So,
fundamentally, this is why.
Because the most important thing here
that matters it's not so much the tools,
it's the prompt that we give the AI
agents. Because the prompt is the
instructions.
>> [music]
>> And so, if we instruct an AI agent to
take action on 55 different tools like
these,
well, the chances that it would actually
succeed are pretty low even though we
have the best prompt in the world
because of the fact that
it being non-deterministic, right? It
can fail, right? Cuz it's AI. And so,
what we do here is you want to minimize
the failure rate of an AI agent. So,
what we do is we add more AI agents. And
so, the way to think about this use case
is as if you have a company. So, a
company, right, will be the customer,
which is the input. It then tells the
the CEO, "Hey, can you can you maybe
check the finances that we have in our
company?" And now the CEO is presented
with head of departments. So, in this
case, we have the head of calendar, head
of email, head of blogs, and head of
contacts.
And the head of contacts and blog and
email and calendar have access to tools
which are employees,
right? And so, why do we have head of
departments and not just have employees
connected to the CEO? Because if the CEO
had access to 100 employees and he was
given a task from his client, it would
be hard for him to know exactly who to
assign it to. He would get it wrong on
most of the time, or some of the time.
And so, when we want to minimize errors,
we want to assign a head of department
for that specific role and let him
figure out who to give it only for the
employees in his department, right? So,
the tools are only connected to the
calendar agent for the calendar tools.
Same thing with emails, blogs, and
contacts as well. And so, what ends up
happening here is that we have a big AI
agent and all of these are subset of
this. So, this is one, which is the same
thing as this. This is one, which is the
same thing as this. This and this as
well. The only difference is that the
memory is only connected to the main AI
agent.
And so, here we have Telegram, which is
the input. So, we can give it a voice
message or even a text. All right, so
here we have Telegram, which is the
input. And we have the whole AI agent.
And let's say now I wanted to uh send an
email
and schedule a calendar event.
As you can see, we also have the contact
agent, which in this case we instruct
the main agent to always look at the
contact agent before sending the email
and before making the calendar event
because this contains the detail of the
person that we're doing all this for. As
you can see here, the contact database
consists of Michael James, John Laurie,
and James Low. So, we can first run
this.
So, now it's waiting for the messages to
come through.
And now with Telegram, we can say, "Send
an email to Michael James uh telling him
that we have dinner tomorrow at 5:00
p.m. And can you also put that on the
calendar and invite him as well?" Um
yeah, that's it. All right, so now we
give it an input. Let's press enter.
What this will now do is it will then go
to the AI agent, it will then talk to
the contact agent because we instructed
it to use the contact agent first before
doing anything else.
And now it will take action on the
email.
As you can see, it used this tool, which
is send an email, and then it sent it to
calendar agent at the same time to
create an event. Now, if I go to my
email right here, I can see that I have
dinner tomorrow.
Yeah, dinner tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. And
my calendar, I can see that I should
have dinner with Michael James at 4:00
to 5:00 p.m. And it also invited his
email as well,
which is nuts. So, why is this any
different from the previous one? Well,
this is a very very simplistic version
of an AI agent, whilst this is more
advanced, has more features, and it
breaks down the different steps step by
step, right? As I mentioned, we have the
CEO and we have the head of departments.
And the head of departments are
connected to different tools. And these
tools are employees, right? Instead of
giving all the employees and hooking
them all up to this tool. Because then
it will overwhelm the AI agent. It has
to way too many options. The prompt will
be way too big. And so, we basically
want to construct it or deconstruct it
and break it apart for it to actually
have room for thinking when it's taking
the action that it needs to take. And
so, this is really really powerful
because just by having this one input,
it can lead to what over over 10, 12
actions, right? Which is nuts, which is
why AI agents are really really powerful
when you want to have something that's
autonomous. That's what they say it's
your virtual employee because your
virtual employee in this case is
connected to different tools, which are
different actions, and it can do
different things for you. But bear in
mind that if you want the AI agent to do
more things than you have right now,
then you have to connect it to more
tools and more softwares, right?
And what I always think about when I'm
building AI agents is
that we never want to overwhelm the the
AI agent, right? Because if you give it
a prompt that's super super long, it's
still AI, right? Like there's no 100%
fact or no 100% um
guarantee that it will always do the
same thing, and which is great, which is
fine when you're testing, but when
you're putting it into an actual
business, like the margin for error
needs to be very very very very small.
I'm talking like 0.0001%
>> [music]
>> chance it fails. Uh because it's in
production mode, businesses need to
actually operate, and so you don't want
something that sometimes work, that most
times works. You want something that
pretty much all the time works. By
pretty much, I mean like 99.99% of the
time works. Um but there's still
obviously that that thing of like AI not
being able to do everything, right? But
it's great that we can now chat to it
and it can now take action on everything
that we want. So, this right here is the
fundamentals of AI agents. Let me show
you another example of AI agents and
where these can come from. I can simply
go to ChatGPT and I can just search up
agent mode. So, agents are pretty much
everywhere because a lot of these
software tools, they're implementing
these sort of autonomous systems where
you can just say,
"Can you
go to Google
and find the top five marketing agencies
in
Ontario, Canada?" And just by this
prompt right here, what it does is that
it thinks through. So, it thinks through
the actual task, and then it takes
action on the thing that we told it to
do. So, now it's thinking,
which is the exact same with As in, it
has a brain that it thinks through. So,
as you can see now, it's cross-checking,
it's doing a ton of research uh for us.
And the good thing is that we can see it
live what it's doing, which is amazing.
And one step above of this is I can
actually take actions on our softwares.
>> [music]
>> So, this right here is obviously going
to Google on its own, but we can say,
"Hey, go to my Notion and create a
task." Or go here and do something else.
All right, as you can see here, we got
the different agencies, the location,
the key specialties, and the evidence as
well with all the different sources
and the summary as well,
which is crazy. As in, we gave it a
simple prompt, "Can you go to Google and
find the top five marketing agencies in
Ontario, Canada?" This is something that
you give to an employee,
and it just did it for 2 minutes. And it
did a ton of research as well.
All right, so that's exactly why AI
agents are so powerful because whether
it's ChatGPT, whether it's Any AI
agents, whether it's Relevans, whether
it's Lovable, whether it's Gemini
Canvas, right? Like we all have
different uh the AI agent fundamentals
don't change.
They don't change because they all have
an input, they all have an output, and
the middle part is the thing that really
drives the value because it takes action
on us without us having to be so
explicit with the instructions or with
the input that we give it. If you're
enjoying this course so far, then you're
going to love the community that we have
right here, which is the AI Automation
Circle. It's a space with over 3,000
individuals or legends looking to learn
AI automations from zero either to apply
it in their own business or start
selling it to businesses or start their
AI automation agency. People introduce
themselves every single day, they ask
questions, they share wins. We have
unlimited tech support, we have all the
YouTube resources, and people looking
for jobs and partnerships. And if I go
to classroom, we also have a AI
Automations 101 course, which is a mini
course on AI automations, very similar
to this one, but that dives deeper into
more frameworks that we use when we're
applying automations to businesses. We
have templates vault, which is a library
of all the different automations that we
built so far on YouTube, as well as the
blueprints as well. We have weekly
recordings because we have two calls a
week, and you have all the recordings
here, and you also have over $20,000 in
discounts with softwares across no-code
automations, across project management,
across AI tools, across marketing, LLM,
and other tools as well. As I said, you
have two calls a week, and our members
are spread out everywhere in the world,
which is literally awesome to see. If
you want to join, check the second link
down below.
So, in this video, I'm going to show you
step-by-step everything that you need to
know about building your first AI agent
on Any. So, today you're not just
watching me build it, but I'm walking
you through my thinking, showing you the
shortcuts and the mistakes. So, by the
end, you'll be able to build your own AI
agent with confidence. Let's dive in.
All right, so before we get to the
actual build and showing you Any, on a
high level, what an AI agent is
something that has an input and has an
output. In between the input and the
output, it does a series of actions. So,
for example, the input could be, "Can
you draft an email?" Right, you send
that input over to the AI agent, which
has instructions, has a system prompt,
and based on what you tell it, so let's
say draft an email like I mentioned, it
consults with the brain and LLM based on
the instructions it was given, "Okay, he
just told me to draft an email, um what
do we do?" And then based on the
instructions and based on what it has to
do, so for example, if he says draft an
email, then talk to Gmail. If he says
check all the calendar events, talk to
Google Calendar, right? Based on the
obviously the instruction it was given,
it will then talk to the tools. It will
send a request to the right tool that it
needs. In this case, it will be Gmail if
it has to be draft an email. So, it will
send a request to tools, to Gmail, and
then from the Gmail, it will get a
response, which would be like, "Hey,
200," which means successful, and it
will then give us the output, which is,
"Hey, it was all good. I was drafted.
Check your inbox or whatever," right?
So, input, output, uh system prompts,
instructions that we tell it every
single time like, "Hey, if this happens,
do this. If that happens, do that."
Brain LLM is essentially what the AI
agent is using to think, right? The
OpenAI or Claude or whatever it is. And
then the memory itself basically is
important because it actually remembers
the previous questions that we asked it.
So, let's say the first question is,
"How are you?" Then we ask it, "Hey, uh
can you draft an email for me?" On the
third try, we ask it, "Hey, what did I
ask you on the first on the first
question?" It will remember because it
has a context window. That's what we
call it. That's what the memory is. So,
input is, "Hey, can you do this?" AI
agent thinks through the instructions
that we will give it through the system
prompt. It will then talk to the AI
because that's how it thinks, that's his
brain. And then it will use any tool
that is connected to it that it needs to
use for that specific task. It also has
a context window. And it will give us
the output. Okay, so that's on a high
level what an AI agent is. So, the first
step to building an AI agent is going to
n8n and pressing sign in. You'll have to
make an account. There is a free
account, but I believe it's 14 days free
trial. So, after 14 days you're going to
have to pay. That's the way they have it
set up. Not really a big fan. Much
rather have Zapier or make a account.
Definitely has a free plan to start.
But, um n8n right here, you will come to
this page when you sign up. All you have
to do is press open instance.
And you'll come to this page right here.
Now, this page is essentially the
dashboard of n8n. This is what n8n looks
like. Uh right here on the left-hand
side you get to see home, personal,
which is in case you want to divide
different things in different folders.
Uh you have your different automations
here, credentials, executions. Uh these
are some different metrics that they
track. Um just you know exactly what
you're doing within your workspace. And
then, right here, this is where you want
to press create workflow because this is
the canvas for n8n. This is where
everything starts. The automation starts
here.
On [snorts] the down hand side, we have
this right here where we can basically
move the automation around. We have
zoom, we have um zoom out. We have go
back, we have basically if the
automation's here, it brings it all back
to the center. So, that's what this
button does. It's tidy tidy up here,
which also has keyboard shortcuts. Then
we go to editor right here, which is
where you can edit the automation,
executions, where you can see all the
different executions that you've done.
So, execution just means you run the
automation from start to the end. You
can see all the executions here. And
then, evaluations is just for some
testing. I don't use it that much, so
don't worry you worry about that. Then
you have this button right here where if
you toggle this on, it will activate the
automation. And what it means is that
when you build an automation from start
to the end, um you can activate it so
you don't have to run it once every
single time. Right, it's production. It
happens every single time without you
having to go to n8n.
>> [clears throat]
>> Then share, you can share, save, you can
save the automation. Then right here,
you can actually download the
automation. Uh and you can import from
file. So, let's say I download this
automation, I then give it to you and
you import it into your own n8n, you'll
have the automation done for you and you
don't have to worry about it. So, that's
how n8n automations and n8n workflows
really work. Then, right here you can
see that you have plus, which is
basically where you can add the
different steps to the automation.
Then we have this right here, which is
add sticky notes in case you want to add
sticky notes right here. And you want to
sort of walk you through. That's good
for documentation in case you're
building an automation, you want to
explain to someone who hasn't really
seen the automation how it works, you
can just put sticky notes here.
And then here, you can have the side
panel. And then here, you also have the
AI assistant, which is one of the best
I've seen so far uh within n8n. Um and
it actually answers most of the
technical questions that you have. All
right, cool. So, now that we got through
all the part, let's start with adding
the first step. So, this right here is a
node. Like this square right here is a
node.
When we press on this node, we get this
panel right here. Now, in order for us
to build an n8n agent, we ideally want
to talk to the agent itself, right? We
want to chat with it. So, the trigger it
basically means what's the first thing
that actually starts the workflow? Like
what is that thing that activates, that
starts everything? So, in this case we
can trigger manually, which means that
you can, let's say you go here, you can
execute workflow, which means that it
starts the automation. And this just
executes the automation, starts the
automation from scratch. But, this isn't
really best for us when using an AI
agent because we have to trigger
manually every single time.
Then we have on app event, uh on a
schedule, which means you can run it
every day or every hour. This is based
on apps. Then we have a webhook here,
which is where you can use webhooks to
get notified. We can use a form, we can
use when executed by another workflow,
and then we can have chat message or
running evaluation and other ways as
well. Now, for AI agents specifically,
we're going to use on chat message,
which means that you can actually talk
to the AI agent itself. So, let's say I
open the chat, I can then start talking.
This is basically what's going to start
the automation. So, let's say again, I
just put hello,
it will start the automation. So, the
node executed successfully. This means
everything was good. And you can see the
green mark, which means that
everything's good. All right. So, in
order for us to then connect this chat
message because ideally we want to talk
to the AI agent. We don't just want to
talk to n8n, right? We want something
out of it. We want to press plus.
And then,
we have different options here. Now, the
options are AI, which is what we're
going to use, action in apps, so you can
actually scroll through all the apps
here and you can add any apps here. Data
transformation, flow, core, human in the
loop, and another trigger, which are
cool things that you actually can use.
But, for the sake of this video and AI
agents, we're not going to go into that.
But, let's say we press AI.
We then have different options. We want
to press AI agent. Now, you can simply
talk to Anthropic, which is Claude. You
can talk to OpenAI individually or
Gemini. But, for this case, the AI agent
uh node is exactly what we want.
So, when we press the AI agent node, uh
which is obviously the node is just a
square, this thing will come up. Now,
the way that n8n is actually set up,
which is probably one of the best
platforms that I've seen,
they have the input here, which is the
steps from the previous
so, the variables or the things, the
output from the previous step. Then
here, so this is the input. Then we have
here the configuration of the AI agent.
This is how we set everything up. And
then here is the output. So, what is the
output of the AI agent? So, going here,
we have, again, by the diagram that I
showed you at the start, you have three
different things that you have to
connect the AI agent to. The first one
is a chat model. So, what chat model, so
in this case what LLM, OpenAI, Claude,
whatever it is, uh do you want to
connect the AI agents to? What memory do
you want to connect it to? And what
tools do you want to connect it to? So,
in this case, for chat model, I can just
press plus.
I can then have a choice of few future
models. In this case, we just go safe
with OpenAI. So, I can go here, OpenAI
chat model.
You'll have this page. All you have to
do to actually connect the OpenAI chat
model is go here to credentials.
Create a new credential. Now, in order
for us to actually connect OpenAI to
n8n, we need an API key. Now, API keys
API stands for application programming
interface. It's the way that a lot of
softwares talk to each other or how
softwares talk to each other. Uh and the
key itself allows us to authorize that
this is our account and we can actually
use it. So, in order for us to get the
API key, all we have to do is open the
docs. You can simply talk to the the AI
assistant in n8n. But, in this case we
can just press open docs. This will open
the documentation for n8n, which is
where we can look at this. Now,
it says refer to the OpenAI API
documentation. Uh API keys Okay. So, all
you have to do is log in to OpenAI
account, which is essentially platform
.the openai.com.
You'll have to make an account. So, sign
in with Google. And by the way, just
because you pay for ChatGPT, does not
mean that you can use this. Different
things, right? Different things. One is
for the web and one is for APIs. So,
once you log in, you'll have you'll come
on this page. All you have to go to is
dashboard. On the left-hand side, you
have to go to API keys. And this is
where we can create a secret key.
So, go here.
Let's do test YouTube.
And I can create a key. So, leave this
all here, owned by me, all restrictions.
Project is fine. Let's create a secret
key.
I want to copy it
and then paste it in n8n right here.
Paste it here.
And if I press save,
this will save.
Right, connection tested successfully.
So, now the OpenAI is actually connected
to this. Now, for the model itself, I
want to leave this to GPT-4.1.
You can use a bunch of models. Now, bear
in mind that not all models work with AI
agents. They might work with a normal AI
node that you can use AI in the process
for a workflow. But, for AI agents, not
all of them work. So, in this case,
leave this as GPT-4.1 mini. Uh and then
we go. Okay. So, in this case, now we
connected the OpenAI chat model to the
AI agent. And then we go on to memory.
Now, memory is basically saying what
memory do you want to implement in the
AI agent so that it remembers the
conversation that we're having. So, if I
press simple memory right here, you'll
have you'll come on this page and you
have the session ID, which just leave
this as this because we want it to
connect to the chat trigger node. Uh the
session key from previous node, leave
this as is. You don't need to modify
this. Well, I mean, we can't in the
first place. And then it's asking us for
the context window length. Now, the
context window length just means how
many past interactions does the model
receive as context? Now, what does this
actually mean? Let's say we say hello
and then it says, "Hello, how are you?"
Good. That's four different uh
interactions that we've had, right? So,
four different things, four different
messages uh as a total. So, you want to
make sure that the context window is a
bit larger in in cases where you want
the AI to actually remember the previous
conversation, in case you want to change
some things. Um so, that's what the
context window length is for. Now, I
want to leave this at five just to keep
it simple. Again, don't change any of
these, just put five here and that's all
good. And now the AI agent can actually
have a memory. And then we have tools
itself. Like tools are essentially
softwares that we connect to the AI
agent so when we say draft an email, it
will go to the software and actually do
it. But, it needs to be connected to the
software in the first place. So, for
today,
let's uh let's make an AI agent that can
draft an email and that can get calendar
events. I think that's the pretty the
most straightforward one. So, all we
have to do is to connect the tool is
first, for email, we have to connect
Gmail. And for calendar, we have to
connect Google Calendar.
So, we press plus.
And now it's going to ask us to do
different things. In this case, we just
want to connect it to other tools. So,
in this case we have a lot of
integrations, a lot of softwares.
We can see we have Asana, Apify, Claude,
Airtable. In this case, let's search for
Gmail.
And we have Gmail tool.
When we get to the Gmail tool, this is
how you connect Gmail to n8n. I go here
and I can press create a new credential.
When I press create a new credential,
it's very very straightforward. It used
to be harder before. All you have to do
now is actually just sign in with
Google. When you sign in with Google, it
will take you to this page right here.
You can choose which one you want. In
this case, let's just do this one here,
our work email. It will say connection
successful. Now, we can go back to n8n.
And you can see that the account was
connected. Now, name it whatever you
want and that's the name in there and
you can save it. Okay, that's how you
connect your Gmail to n8n.
So, once you have this, you can then put
tool description as set automatically,
that's fine. Then resource, let's just
put draft because you want to draft an
email, not actually send an email. And
then, for operation, you can put create,
that's fine. You're creating a draft.
And then, for the subject and the
message, which this is the subject of
the email and the message of the email,
we can press this little button right
here, which means that we let the model
define their favorite. So, we let the
model say, "Hey, based on what you've
given me, using AI, this is exactly what
the subject line's going to be." So, in
this case, let's just put this button
right here, which means that the
it will be defined automatically by the
model. And also this button right here.
So, that way when I tell it to draft an
email, I don't have to tell it exactly
what the subject line needs to be and I
don't have to tell it what the message
needs to be, right? Everything is just
straightforward, it does it on its own
based on the context that we give. Okay,
cool. And then leave this as text. Uh
you can use HTML, which is just a way to
make the emails fancy. Um and that's
fine. And then here, I think, yeah, we
have to add to email. So, to email
essentially, who are we sending the
email to that we're drafting? So, in
this case, you also want to put this
right here, let the model define the
parameter, because the AI agent actually
decides or knows the email, or it's
going to ask us the email that we need
to draft the email for. So, it will add
it here as well. And then we want to put
create a draft in Gmail, that's fine.
All right, cool. So, now we connected
Gmail to the AI agent. Now, let's do
calendar. So, go here, press plus,
and look for Google Calendar.
Google Calendar tool. To connect it, I
already connected, you can see
everything. But in this case, let's just
put create a new credential.
Sign in with Google again. Do the same
thing we did for Gmail, and it will
bring it all back.
You can close it. I think, yeah. Close
it. All right, so now that we connected
our account, all we have to do is set
this automatically, which is fine. The
resource will be event.
The operation will be get many, because
we're getting many events. You can see
here, you can retrieve many events from
a calendar, which is exactly what we
need. The calendar, which is mine, which
is fine. The limit will be 50, so 50
events can be retrieved at the same
time. And then it's asking us, what is
the time frame before and after?
In this case, because it's not fixed, we
just want AI. We want to let the model
define this, so based on what we tell
it. So, let's say we tell it tomorrow,
it will know that it's after yesterday.
So, after today, sorry, after today,
then before tomorrow or before in 2
days, right?
That's like the time frame between each
one. So, that's that's thing we want to
let the model do. All right. So, that
right there is how you connected the
different tools to the AI agent. So, we
have the chat model, we have the memory,
we have the tools, and now on to
probably the most important part is the
actual prompt, the system instructions
that we tell the AI agent. So, if you go
here, we have to add an option, which is
the system message.
So, the system message is essentially, I
mean, like this example, we're telling
the AI agent what it needs to do. So,
for the system message, I actually have
a structure that I use every single
time, which is this right here. First,
we say, you are a identity, so you are a
helpful intelligent assistant AI agent,
designed to handle various tasks
efficiently. Your primary role is to
task, so do to do the different tasks
that we have. In this case, it's draft
an email and get calendar events. You
have access to how many number of tools.
In this case, it's two, to help you
fulfill um requests. The first tool is
draft an email. So, what do you what
does it do? In this case, it will draft
an email. Second tool is calendar. In
this case, we have to get calendar
events. And then you say, when a task
requires you to use one or more tools,
make sure to identify which tool is most
appropriate, pass along the relevant
details, and execute the actions needed
to complete the task. Your goal is to be
proactive, precise, and organized in
managing these resources to provide a
smooth experience for the user. And then
we say, here is the current date and
time. Now, why do we say this? We say
the date and time of today, because AI
is actually not the best at guessing
what date it is today. So, we always
want to put this, especially when you're
including any any times into your emails
or any times into the calendar. Because
if we say tomorrow,
usually, it might mess up in knowing
what today is, right?
So, definitely it will get tomorrow
wrong. All right, so this is the prompt
that we have. Let's copy this. And by
the way, I left all the resources down
below, so you can copy this.
Want to go to N and N, and then I'm
going to delete this. I'm going to paste
this.
And I'm going to press this button right
here, which basically puts everything um
on a wider scale, so I can actually see
it. All right, so we have identity. So,
you are a
helpful
intelligent
intelligent executive assistant. Now, AI
agent designed to handle various tasks
efficiently.
Let's delete this and put
draft emails and
get calendar events.
You have access to two tools.
And then first tool is
Gmail.
Explanation is
Gmail will be used
to draft an email.
First
step is identify
what email we are
drafting the email to.
Then understanding
the context
of the email.
And then actually drafting it.
And then second tool will be
the calendar,
which will be
uh this tool
will be used to get calendar events
for any given time frame.
First,
understand
what the time frame is, and then
understand
what kind
of uh mm
then return
the calendar events.
Okay? So, why am I saying what I'm
giving extra instructions? So, I say the
first step is this, second step is this,
third step is this. It's because the
only downside to an AI agent is that
we're relying on a prompt to do things
for us. So, for us to actually implement
it and actually working 100% of the
time, we want to make sure that we give
it as clear instructions as possible.
So, in this case,
tools to get calendar events, and then
we leave this as here. Okay? And we go
here. All right, so this prompt is done.
All right, so the AI agent is
successfully set up.
Right, we have the prompt, the chat
model, the memory, so it remembers the
conversation, the Google Calendar, which
we can use to actually get events,
creating a draft using Gmail, and then
we can now actually test it. So, let's
go here.
Let me
go here.
Let me actually talk to it. Let me say,
hello, how are you?
It usually never likes this question.
It will talk to the chat model. It will
think through the things that I told it,
and it will say, hey, he just asked me
how I am. I'm not going to use any
calendar events or draft, because that's
not the instruction that was given. So,
this is the the thing about AI agents,
they're smart enough to understand. Let
me ask it, so you can see the memory.
What was the first question I asked? The
first question you asked was, hello, how
are you? So, you see how it remembers
previous ones?
That's the memory that it has. It has
the context window, like I mentioned.
All right, so now let's actually put
this to test. Let's create a draft on
the email.
Let's say, I want to create a draft
email draft.
So, it will think through this. Do I
have enough context to actually create
the email? And then it will ask me, hey,
the recipient email address, it needs a
subject line, it needs the message or
content you want to include in the
email. So, in this case, I'm going to
give it a email address. So, the email
address will be my email.
So, this is the email address right
here. And then in the email, just say
that I'm happy
you
are building automations
on N and N.
And that you are going
to take over the space.
There you go. Right, so we say this.
What it does is that now it has enough
context to actually draft the email. It
will send back an email saying, hey, or
send back a message saying, hey, I've
created a draft for you with the message
expressing the happiness about building
automations in N and N and comp. So, if
I go to my email now, right here, I can
see that I have drafted an email saying,
hey,
great to see your work on N and
automations. How many calendar I'm happy
you're building automations on N, you're
going to take over the space. Best
regards.
Right, and this was done using AI.
I just told it to the overall context of
the email, and it showed it did it did
the subject line, and it did the body of
the email, and it sent it to the email
that I told it to.
So, that right there is for the Gmail.
Like, thanks.
Thanks a lot.
All right, so let's do the calendar
events. So, let's say I Let's go to my
calendar. Let's see what I have on this
week. Okay, so this week I have
groceries tomorrow, and then I have
strategy session with James on the 21st.
These are all connected to different
accounts. So,
if I say, theoretically, can you get all
the calendars that I need
for or give me all the events that I
have on this week, it will say I have
Outschool,
I'll have strategy session, and I'll
have groceries.
Let's go here.
So, now I'm going to ask it, can I have
all
of the events I have going on
this week?
So, now what it does is that it talks to
the AI, goes to Google Calendar, pulls
it back. It takes a while because I have
three events or four. And it tells me
every single thing. So, I have Outschool
on August 14th, groceries on August
19th, strategy session with James on
August 21st,
uh and Outschool on August 24th. Now,
Outschool is something that I had today,
like this morning at 1:00 a.m.,
um which is why it tells it as well. Um
so, that's why it says the next day.
And it gives me all the events right
here. Right, so I don't have to go to
calendar. I can have an AI agent
actually pull this for me. Now, this
right here is a very very elementary
example. I just wanted to show you
exactly how you can build one step by
step, and we only have Google Calendar,
and we only have create a draft in
email, but we can add hundreds of more
softwares to this, which makes AI agents
incredibly powerful to use for
businesses, because it saves them the
time to have to go to the software to
find something, right?
So, very very good. Now, the most
important thing when it comes to the AI
agent is not the tools itself, is not
the memory or the model. It's the actual
prompt that you tell the AI agent to do,
because once you have 20 tools hooked
up, right, like these, once you have 20
or even 30 tools hooked up to the same
AI agent, it makes it incredibly
powerful, but it also increases the
error or the chance that it actually
errors out. Errors out just means that
it doesn't do what you want it to do.
Right, so you want to make sure that the
prompt itself is so so like 90% of your
time or 80% of your time should be spent
towards the prompt. Because you saw that
setting things up on Google Calendar and
Gmail is actually not the hard part.
Right, you want to make sure that what
you tell the AI agent to do, it actually
does it, so that's what the prompt it
does for you. Congrats on now being able
to understand and build your first AI
agent inside of N and N. In the next
section, we're actually going to make it
smarter. We'll dive deep into how you
can actually build high-performing,
scalable AI agents using advanced
frameworks and prompting techniques.
You'll discover how you can structure AI
agents using data tables, integrate them
with thousands of AI models, all within
one tool, and apply practical frameworks
that will make them 10 times smarter.
So, by the end you'll not only be
building agents, but you'll build actual
systems.
In this video, I'm going to show you
eight N8N AI agent hacks that I wish I
knew when I got started that will help
you build AI agents at three times the
speed and make them way more powerful.
All right, so here we have an agent in
N8N and the first hack is a you can
actually chat with, but you can make the
chat public available. Cuz tons of times
you can actually speak to the AI agent
like this, but what if you don't want to
go into N8N? What happens then? Do you
have to use Telegram? Do you have to use
WhatsApp? Well, in this case you can
actually get a link
using this button right here. You can
copy it. You can then make the actual
agent active, which means that you can
use it now. And if I paste it here, I
can see that now I can actually chat to
it as if it's a chatbot. Something that
most people don't know because that
hence why they connect this to a
Telegram or something else. Well, you
can actually just use this URL, which is
public, that you can chat with. Say,
"Hello."
And this will execute, right? If I go to
executions,
I can see that we just executed the
workflow.
Right? It went here. It used the
OpenRouter, which is the LLM, which is
its brain, and it gave us, "Hey, how can
I assist you today?" And let's say I
wanted to send a message in Gmail. I
said, "Send an email to
michele.035@gmail.com."
And I press go.
So, we sent it a message.
And now it's asking us, "Sure, what
would you like the subject and message
email to be?"
As you can see here, again it ran. So,
if I refresh,
I can see that it ran again.
And the input was, "Send an email to
michele.035." And if I say that we have
dinner tomorrow,
I can go. This will just ask me the
subject line because of the fact that we
didn't prompt it, right? But let's say
it's dinner at 7:00 p.m.
And now you can see that the email about
having dinner at 7:00 p.m. has been
sent. So, if I go to my email,
I can see that we have dinner at 7:00
p.m. right here. All right, the second
set of hacks is within the brain of the
AI agent, which in this case is
OpenRouter. And in case you want to
watch how to connect OpenRouter to N8N,
check out the video up here. As you can
see here, we have all the models we can
think of, Gwen, Grok, ChatGPT, DeepSeek,
all that stuff. But the hacks is within
the options. So, we have all these
options that most people don't use
because they have no clue what they are.
So, the first one is frequency penalty.
So, the frequency penalty can either go
to, I believe, two
and it can either go to -2, right? So,
from -2 to 2. A lower value
tells ChatGPT, "Hey, can you make the
actual thing more repetitive?" Which
means whatever you're saying, use the
same kind of words. Whilst if I put two,
a higher value, it's more creative. So,
we're giving ChatGPT or the I'm saying
ChatGPT because we're using OpenAI, but
we're giving the brain or the AI agent
the ability to change how repetitive it
is with the answers that it gives us.
Then the second one is maximum number of
tokens. And so, a token is actually four
characters. So, if I put a token limit
of, let's say, 200, this would be
roughly 800 characters. Which means that
it will cut the actual text, the output
that the LLM in this case gives us. This
is great if you want to set a limit on
the amount of words that you want the
AI, in this case the brain, [music] to
give you to actually save money on
credits for the ChatGPT, Claude, Grok,
anything like that. The next one is
response format. So, we have text and we
have JSON. So, usually you would have
text, but JSON is great in case you want
to take some sort of input and structure
it in a way where we have variables come
out. All right, so let's say we have a
block of text which contains first name,
last name, and email, right? But it's
not structured, it's all within one
place. We use JSON to actually structure
it, so we can divide the first name,
divide the last name, and divide the
email. But usually we use text just
because of the fact that we also have
another hack, which allows you to do
that structuring thing that I just told
you about. Then we have presence
penalty. So, instead of words, in this
case it's the topic itself. So, if you
put a higher number, then it's more
creative. A lower number is more
repetitive. Then we have sampling
temperature. So, a lower temperature in
this case is more predictable and the
higher temperature is more creative. So,
we give AI the ability to be more
creative when giving us the output. Then
we have timeout. So, sometimes the AI
agent actually runs and the OpenRouter
starts running and it doesn't work,
right? It keeps on running and running
and running. Maybe there's some problem
with the server. So, what we say here is
we say, "Hey, you have 360,000
milliseconds, I assume?"
Maximum amount of time request, yeah,
milliseconds. Then we say, "Hey, you can
only go until this long and after that
just stop." It's just easier when you
want to error handle. Which means that
when something goes wrong, just stop the
workflow when it runs past a certain
time period. In this case it's 360,000
milliseconds
and we just stop. The next one is max
retries. So, sometimes you use
OpenRouter, the LLM, but it doesn't
work. So, you say, "Hey, if something
doesn't work, just try again this many
times." So, if you put 10,
then it will try again 10 times. Then we
have top P. As you can see here, if I go
hover, it says controls diversity. So,
it's controlling the diversity of the
output that we get from the LLM. All
right, the next hack is actually the
ability for AI to be able to enable a
fallback method. So, enable a fallback
method means that if this doesn't work,
we can actually add a new LLM as a
fallback, right? So, if I put OpenAI
here, that means that it will first try
here
and then it will try OpenAI. So, let's
say I go here and I add
a fake connection.
I do
michele. So, just do test.
Save. Let's do this. Test. Right, so
this is a fake credential. It shouldn't
work. If I go here and I chat to it,
hello.
What this will now do is that it will go
here, has an error, but it will try
again because it has a fallback LLM. And
so, that's amazing because sometimes the
first one doesn't work, but the second
one does. All right, the next one is
within the actual memory. So, if I go
inside, I can see that we have a context
window length. Which most people still
have no clue what it means. What this
means is that five this is the amount of
past interactions. So, let's say you
say, "Hey, how are you?" That's the
first interaction. It responds. [music]
Then you ask another question, which is,
"Can you send an email to John?" And
then, "Can you add a Google Sheet? Can
you add XYZ?" Right? Then it will get
the past interactions, which is your
questions, as context for the next
output. Right? So, if you put 10 or if
you put 15, then it will take more
interactions in the past that it will
use as context. Now, why do we want to
restrict this to about five to 10? It's
because the more interactions, the more
how would you put it? The more context
you give it, the more it can pull, the
more credits you use. And so, five I
think is a suitable amount of
interactions that we can use within the
AI agent. But you can increase or you
can decrease. The next hack is actually
within the tools. If I go here and I put
think,
I can see that I have a think tool,
which invites the AI agent to do some
thinking.
So, in theory the AI agent typically
thinks through what it needs to do using
its prompt or its LLM. In this case it
would be OpenRouter.
But we give it an additional tool, the
think tool, which allows it to think
even more. As you can see here, we have
a predefined prompt, which is prompt
that we never put before. It's already
here. Which has use a tool to think
about something. It will not obtain new
information or change the database, but
just append a thought to the log. Use it
when complex reasoning or some cash
memory is needed. And so, this right
here is the ultimate assistant AI agent
that I built, which is connected to a
contact agent, email agent, calendar
agent, and content creation agent. And
so, by feeding it the tool, which is the
think tool, it gives it the ability to
have a another step of reasoning.
Reasoning just means to think through
what it needs to do to then be able to
actually take the right action in the
right order. As opposed to not having
this and [music] just using the prompt
and using AI. Right? Sort of like that
extra step. And the next hack is
actually the ability for us to be able
to connect AI agents within the tools.
Cuz most times what you do is just
connect it to the software. So, Gmail
or you can connect it to an external
workflow. So, you say sub-workflow.
So, where is it? Sub
uh workflow
calling N8N workflow right here. Which
basically calls another workflow to take
action. But what if the workflow was
inside this workflow? Right? And well,
in this case, we have access to the
contact agent, which is another AI
agent, which is connected to more tools.
And the same thing with email agent,
calendar agent, and content creation
agent. This gives us the ability to be
more flexible in the
I guess AI agents that we build and have
that extra feature of not having to
build another AI agent in another
workflow and just have it all within
here. All right, so the next one is
actually within the tool softwares. So,
if I go in here to send a message, we
have to make the connection, we have to
do set automatically the action, the
thing that we're doing. And now we're
introduced to three different variables
that we have to do as an input. You can
put your email here, you can put the
subject line, and you can put the
message. But because of the fact that
it's a chatbot, so the input changes
over time, what we can do is press this
button right here, which lets AI in N8N
define the input. So, it defines what
goes in here so that you don't have to
put it manually. Right? You give AI the
ability to choose what goes in there as
an input for you to do it. And this
makes it so much easier for us to be
able to make AI agents because all we
have to do is literally just press this
button
for any parameter that comes through.
All right, the next hack is actually the
ability for multiple AI agents to be
connected to the same exact model. All
right, which you can see right here. We
have one step right here, which is not
an AI agent, it's just an AI step, which
is connected to a model and we can see
that all the AI agents are all connected
to the same exact thing. All right, so
the next hack is actually the ability
for us to use the structured output
parser, which allows us to be able to do
the thing that I mentioned before, which
is using JSON to take an unstructured
input. So, it can be a block of text,
can be whatever it is, and we structure
it in a way where it actually makes
sense. So, a variable. In this case we
have a human in the loop sales agent,
which drafts sales emails for us. So, I
put my name, my email, my company name,
intent, budget, project description, and
timeline. I can press submit. And what
this will now do is it will send it to
the Google Sheet. It will add it there
to our CRM. It will then talk to the
sales agent, which will speak to, first
of all, Claude, which is its brain, and
then it will then speak to the
structured output parser because that is
a thing that is going to help it to be
able to make the subject line and the
body of the email, which is then going
to be sent to our email. And if you go
right here, I can see that this was the
input, which is a block of text, and the
output was the email body and the
subject line as well. And if you're
wondering how we wrote this, you can
simply go to ChatGPT and ask it, "Hey,
can you draft me a input schema using
JSON that allows me to have a subject
line and the email body of the email?"
And that's exactly what you paste here,
and that's what the AI will use to then
give you the output that looks like this
from an input that looks like this. So,
that marks the end for the eight and a
10 AI agent hacks that I wish I knew
when I got started that makes your build
of AI agents much faster and way more
powerful.
Hey, in this video, I'm going to show
you four agentic frameworks that can
make your AI agents inside of AnyTask
faster, smarter, and way more scalable.
You see, most people try to build one
big agent that does everything, but
that's why it breaks, it slows you down,
and honestly, it's impossible to scale.
So, I'm going to walk you through each
framework step by step, show you exactly
how it works, when to use it, but also
when you can apply it within your
automations. With that being said, let's
dive in. All right, so the first
framework is the prompt chaining. So,
what this means is that you are using a
AI agent, and you're prompting it in a
chain. So, you're saying, "Hey, let's
use the AI agent for to do this first."
Then you chain it. Chain it just means
you connect it to the next AI agent,
which does another thing, and then chain
it to another AI agent, which does
another thing, and then you do whatever
you have to do. All right, so this right
here is what we call sequential
reasoning, where each AI agent um builds
on the previous output to refine
accuracy and context. So, this right
here is based on the output of this.
This right here is based on the output
of this, and so on. And this framework
is great for multi reasoning, um but I
want to show you exactly what that looks
like. So, right here we have a form,
which leads into the first AI agent, uh
which writes the outline for the blog.
Then it goes to the second AI agent,
which looks at the outline. It evaluates
how it is, and it changes it up. And
then we give it to the third AI agent,
which actually writes the blog before
putting the blog into a Google document
that we have access to. And so, if I go
here to execute workflow, I can put AI
in finance or whatever topic you want to
talk about. I can press submit. What
this will now do is that it will send
the data to the first AI agent. Right,
this is chaining prompts because we have
one prompt here, which does its own
output. Then it goes to the second one
to do its second output. And then
finally, it goes to the third AI agent,
again, prompt chaining. We're chaining
different prompts
um because these are a series of
different prompts. Right, this prompt is
just to make the outline. This prompt is
just to evaluate the outline. Whilst
this prompt is to actually make the full
blog based on the outline. Right, three
different prompts, but we're chaining it
together. And then finally, we will add
it to our Google document. As you can
see, we're finished. If I go here, this
is the blog that we get uh with all the
information from these different agents.
Now, don't get too fussed about the
actual quality of the blog. I just
wanted to show you exactly what the
framework is. But going inside here, for
example, we have the same prompt. So,
system message, this is one prompt with
the user message because the user
message is the thing that we actually
give it. The system message is basically
giving the AI agent context what it
needs to do in general,
which is then changed to the second
prompt, which is a different prompt
right here.
Right right here with a user prompt as
well.
And then we have the third AI agent with
another prompt,
which is the one right here. And yes,
these are very very small prompts just
to show you an example uh with the user
prompt as well,
which are all chained together. And one
main advantage to this framework as well
is that when you prompt chain, when you
add one step after the step after the
step as well, it's much easier to debug.
Debug just means that if something goes
wrong, how can you fix it? How can you
go there and fix it? Well, it's much
easier here because it's a linear.
Right, linear just means that it's one
line. Right, this is one line. It
doesn't go up and down. And so, when
there's a problem, it's much easier to
go here and fix it because you know
exactly what step it came from. The next
framework is called parallelization.
It's a big fancy word, uh which
basically means that we have multiple
agents. So, you can have three, four,
five, 10, 11, uh which are all working
simultaneously, which means at the same
time, on different tasks. Right? And so,
let's say we have a AI agent, which
allows us to create the LinkedIn hook,
then the LinkedIn body, then we merge
them, and then you send it to the final
agent to make the final post. So, let's
say I say, "Write a post about how AI is
going to impact agencies." I can press
go. And now, what this will do is that
it will send the information to the
first AI agent to write the hook, then
the second AI agent to write the body,
and then we merge them together. We put
them all in the same paragraph, which
then goes and feeds into the final AI
agent to write the LinkedIn post, and
then it gives it to us on here.
So, our AI agency is ready to for the AI
revolution. The tools we once to use are
evolving fast. And it gives us the whole
body. Again, don't look at the quality,
just look at the fundamental theory
behind this AI agent and how it works.
>> [music]
>> And
as you can see, we have the output right
here.
The first output. This is the hook. Then
we have the second output
right here. And the way that this
fundamentally works is that we have the
data going here,
and then we have also the data going
here. But it this doesn't go through
until
this finishes as well because they're
all connected to the merge node. And the
merge node makes it so that we say,
"Okay, cool. Go to the LinkedIn hook and
write the LinkedIn hook, then send me
the input, the first input, which is
input one. Then go to the LinkedIn body
and send me the second input. And only
once when I have both inputs together,
then I go to the next steps." Right,
which is great because now we get two
items,
which is right here. One item and one
item
that we can then use the aggregate
module or node. As you can see here by
the diagram, is that we take multiple
series of items and we put them all in
in one.
And if I go here, I can see that I have
the output one and the output two,
right, which is the hook and the body,
before feeding it into the final agent
right here to write the LinkedIn post,
which is the output right here. Right,
and so, we give it the output, which is
the called an array. An array is just a
way for us to store different pieces of
information.
And so, that's really how the
parallelization works. Now, the reason
why we would use this over the others is
because it is faster at processing
information.
Um as you can see here, it goes here,
and then it automatically goes here, not
automatically, but in a faster way
rather than the other frameworks. And
then we can merge them all together
before sending it to the agent. And it's
very very structured in a way where we
go to the first one, then the second
one, then the third one, then the fourth
one. That way you can keep track of all
the single steps. And one more thing it
can do is that it reduces the bias or
error uh from a single model because we
have these different agents giving their
own perspective or or the output in this
case. And this right here, typically we
would use it for research
uh or multi-domain inputs where speed
and diversity matters. And the use case
of using this type of framework is when
we are doing research. When we're doing
research, we typically want to split it
up in a way where we do one sort of
research first, then we go to the second
one, then we go to the third one, and so
on. So, that way you're splitting it,
and then you're merging it all together,
and then you're aggregating it, and then
you're doing something else. The third
[music] framework is called the routing
framework. Now, this dynamically directs
the data. So, this sends the data to the
appropriate agent based on
>> [music]
>> a classifier. Let's say we receive an
email. Then we have the step right here,
which is classifying the email based on
whether it's in high priority, customer
support, promotions, or finance and
billing. And based on the answer, so
based on the classification of the email
that we receive, we send it to the
appropriate agent. We go here to the
high priority agent, customer support
agent, promotion, and finance as well.
And then they can execute their own
tasks, which means that they can do
their own action, create their own
emails, and so on um
by their own. Right, and they're all
rooted by the output that we get from
the previous step. And so, this is great
because it makes our AI agents and
workflows much more adaptive, right? And
we are only using the right model or
logic when we have a certain use case.
Right, so in this case, when we want to
add a new step, all we have to do is go
in here,
add a category, so we can say love.
Hello.
And now, we have a new
filter right here, which you can then
add another AI agent. So, agent,
and we have this here.
And you can easily add more and more
options based on the output that we get
here. And this is great again because
when we have
a input
and we want to classify the input based
on whether it's X, Y, and Z, then we can
have a logic that says, "Okay, if this
is something that we send it here, if
that is something else, then we send it
here." And so on. And then you go
through the logic as well. And so, let's
say I send myself an email right here. I
can execute the workflow. This will then
be able to classify the email based on
whether it's all of these. In this case,
it saw that it's promotions. And what it
did is that it spoke to the AI agent to
then create the email that we can then
have in our draft. And if I go here,
I can see that it drafted the email back
to the email that we got here. Of
course, this is a spam email, not spam,
but promotional from Wise. Um
but as you can see, the AI agent drafted
a very very insightful email
um
using the prompt. Right? And so, that's
essentially what it does. Very very
easy. Only use this framework really
when you want to be able to root to the
appropriate agent based on the input
that we get. And the best use case that
I can think of when it comes to this
framework is just this, right? Getting
emails, classifying them, and then
sending them to the right agent uh based
on the type of the email. The last
framework is called the optimizer. If
you haven't watched the full video of me
building out this human-in-the-loop AI
sales agent, watch it up here. But the
way it works is that we have a form
right here,
which has different details that the
customer or the lead in this case would
fill out. So, let's say I put my name,
email, company name. I'm looking for a
lead generation service. My budget is
less than a thousand. My project
description is that we want a system
that can generate more leads, and we
want it within a week. If I press
submit, what this will now do is that it
will add it to our CRM. In this case,
CRM is just a way that we store
information about each client or leads.
Then it talks to the first AI agent
which writes the sales email we can send
back. What it does then is that it sets
a variable. In this case the variable
would be subject and email body, which
is subject here and email body.
Which will send it to our internal team.
You can see here we have the action
required new lead with budget of less
than 1,000.
And a team member from our team before
sending it to the actual customer. We
can respond. So I said don't ask him a
question. Just tell him we're available
at Tuesday 3:00 p.m. tomorrow because as
you can see here it asked them a
question of whether they are available.
I press submit. So I give a feedback.
What this does is that it then
classifies the feedback whether it's a
positive feedback or negative feedback.
If it's negative what this does is that
it roots it to the next step which
actually based on the feedback that we
gave it rewrites the actual email using
the next agent right here.
And it gives us a new email.
Which we then send back here.
Because again the
name of the variables is the same
whether it comes from here or from here.
Which we are able to then send it back
to our team.
Right here.
For another revision. I can press
respond. I can say as you can see here
we have we actually have the the revised
version. So Tuesday at 3:00 p.m.
And I can say yes, all good.
When I press yes all good and I submit
it, what this will now do is that it
will send the email because now it's
it's approved it's positive feedback. To
the customer. So if I go here I can see
that I'm obviously I'm the customer and
I'm team member here. But this is what
the customer will get. They will get a
fully sales optimized email.
Obviously with results and everything.
That responds to their inquiry from the
website. And so this framework right
here is amazing. It's actually one of
the best frameworks that I've used so
far within AI agents when it comes to
adding a feedback loop. Right? Because
what we're doing here is that we're
writing the sales email and you can
apply this to content or whatever it is.
But we're writing something then we're
sending it for revision to our team.
Then the team gives us feedback. Then
based on the feedback we categorize
whether this is positive feedback or
negative feedback. If it's negative then
we send it to another AI agent. So as
you can see here we have two options
approved or denied. And we give it the
description of what approved is and what
denied is.
And based on the appropriate output so
whether it's actually approved or denied
we send it two different ways. Again
denied will go to the AI agent which
revises the email. And so this is
prompted to to know that this needs to
update the sales email based on provided
feedback. And this is the email that we
get.
Which we send back here.
Which then sends it to our team again
for human in the loop. And this is a
whole repetitive process over and over
again. Now this is great because it
enables
the AI agent to have continuous
learning. Right? Because most of the
times not most of the times actually
sometimes the AI agent will not spit out
something that we're actually happy to
send to the client.
And so instead of sending it to the
client directly what we do is that we
have a repetitive process. As you can
see this is a circle. What's a what
Whatever you
rectangle. All right? But the concept is
that we have a loop. Right? Human in the
loop. The human is always in this loop.
We're able to give it feedback and
iterate on the feedback again and again
until we give it positive feedback.
Saying yeah all good or yeah no changes.
And then it sends it to the client
itself. And then it does its own thing.
Now this is great for systems that
require quality assurance which means
that they require someone to give some
sort of input or feedback based on the
output that AI gave. Um this can be
applied to again sales outreach or
customer support because those are the
ones that interact with a customer. And
so between the AI making something and
the customer receiving that something
there has to be an intermediate step of
us giving a feedback. And usually that's
having another person. Right? And so in
this case this allows us to have a
repetitive loop feedback loop to
generate different things. And that's
where we would use the optimizer
framework.
In this video I'm going to show you
exactly how to prompt your AI agents
inside of n8n so they actually do what
you want with less errors and more
accurate results. I'll break down the
main types of prompts, show you exactly
how to structure them, and explain how
to write prompts that actually get
results. All right, so to quickly recap
what an AI agent is we have an input, we
have an output, and in the middle the AI
agent is instructed right which is the
prompts that we're going to go through
today. Uh and based on the instructions
it then uses its brain which is LLM
which is just an AI which thinks through
the instructions and then takes action
on the tools based on the instructions
that it was given. So it's [music]
exactly the same as an employee. It's
only AI. And the instructions that you
give it are going to be in a prompt
format in an actual text. So this right
here is what it actually looks like.
This is the most basic version of an AI
agent inside of n8n. The first thing we
have is a chat. So I'm going to go here
and talk to it. I'm going to say
hello.
What this will do is that it will send
the input over to the AI agent. It will
then call its brain because that's how
it thinks. And it will call the memory
tool because we also have the ability to
remember uh the conversations that we
had. Now inside the AI agent we only
have two types of prompts. Only two.
Right? The first one is a user message.
And the next one you can find right here
is a system message. So in this case if
you have an employee right you tell the
employee a task. You say hey can you do
this for me? That is a user message.
[music]
Then the instructions that you gave the
employee before that is a system
message. So two different types of
prompts for two different types of
reasons. And so right here we have two
different options for source for prompt.
Source for prompt just means hey where
are we getting the input? Like what is
that thing that we're receiving and
where is it coming from? We have
connected chat trigger node. And we have
define below.
Now if I go out of here I can see that
right now the AI agent in this case is
connected to this node right here. A
node is just a is a square. That's what
they call it. And this right here is a
chat trigger node. It's one that is
native to n8n which means that n8n owns
it. And typically that is what we use to
be able to speak to the AI agent. Right?
And so the input comes from here. So if
I go inside I can see [music] that we
chat to the AI agent through the chat
node. So through here.
I go here open chat and I say so where
are you from? All right?
And so right now what this does is that
it takes this input. Right? Where are
you from?
It sends it over here. And this will now
be the user message. Right? So this JSON
fancy thing that you see which is code
because again everything is code behind
the no-code platforms. The irony there.
Um but that is a thing that the AI agent
uses as sort of an input to then take
action. Right? The second part is define
below. So there are times where we're
not connected
to the chat trigger node. So every
single time that we're not connected to
this node right here we have to use
define below. Because we have to define
the input based on where it comes from.
So for example if we have an AI agent
that looks like this and the input comes
from Telegram which is just a platform
where you chat
um sort of like WhatsApp. If I go inside
here I can execute the step and now it's
going to wait for someone to send a
message to Telegram. And right here I
have a new chat pulled up. And when I
press start it automatically sends a
message which is {slash} start. And that
is a trigger
right here.
Which is text start. And now this is a
thing that then goes into the AI agent.
And now we use define below. Because
this [music] right here chat trigger
node like I mentioned is only for that
specific node. And the node changed to
Telegram. And so we have to change the
input that comes in. And how we do this
let's say this is empty. We just take
the input which in this case would be
text right because that's the text that
we get.
And we drag it across here.
Or alternatively you can curly bracket
curly bracket dollar sign JSON
dot
message.
dot
chat. And so let's say now I execute the
workflow.
And I just talk to Telegram and I say
hey how's it going?
What this will now do is it will send
the input over here.
It will then talk to its brain.
And then based on its brain and based on
the instructions that we give it which
I'll show you exactly how to write that
instruction then it will do its thing.
It will give us the output and the
output will be in Telegram which in this
case it's hi I'm ready to assist you.
How can I help you today? And so that's
where we would use the define below
rather than the chat trigger node.
And this is the one that we mostly use.
Because again we chat trigger node I
feel like we only use it when we test
uh rather than anything else.
So I'm going to say hello here just to
put this as an example. And now we're
going to go on to the most important
prompt which is the instructions. So
that's system message.
So if I go to system message and I go to
expression and I go to full screen.
Now this is the playground. This is
where we write the actual prompt. And so
I'm going to paste a structure of prompt
that we typically use right here. Now
the first thing is the actual
formatting. So we use something called
markdown formatting. So if you see
uh these sort of hashtags or sometimes
you even see this
right here.
What this is is let's say I go to a
Google document. If I write hello
right? And I go to right here heading
one.
I can also write hello.
And then
this turns to heading one.
And so what this means is that this is
heading one.
This is heading two.
This is heading three.
Right? And so why do we do it? It's
because then the AI knows
the hierarchy. Right? Sort of like
you're doing an essay. If the essay does
not have a title, subtitle, uh the text
description, all that stuff then it's
very hard to understand. And so you are
using these using hashtags. Right? In
this case this is one. In this case it's
two. In this case it's three. And you
can go to four as well. Then the AI
knows exactly okay this is the main
thing to look at. Then this is the one
below it. And then this is the one below
it. And so when we look at this
we're saying hey this is the title of
the first thing and then the text. Title
text. [music]
Title text and so on. And if you add
things like these then this would bold
it. So something like this on a Google
document so that within the text it
recognizes that this is an important
word or an important phrase.
>> [music]
>> And it does the exact same thing for all
of them. Now let's say that you wanted
the overview to be the title. This as
well. This as well. But you realize that
examples aren't that important to be a
title. All you have to do is just put
another hashtag so that this becomes
heading two and so AI understands,
right? Based on the logic, heading one,
two, three, that this is less important
than this. And so it will prioritize
looking at this before looking at this.
Now, the first thing of the prompt
is an overview, right? So you are a your
purpose is to. Now, if you're watching
this video of prompting, then you've
probably been seeing prompts that look
like you are a helpful, intelligent
content writing assistant. You are a
helpful, intelligent something something
assistant. The reason why we do that is
because we're giving AI an identity,
okay? And by giving AI an identity, then
we're saying then what it does is it
allows AI to psych itself to to make it
think that it actually is that identity,
so the output will be higher. And so
here we start by saying, you are a
helpful, intelligent
personal assistant. Uh the only tool
that we have connected to it is send a
message, so that's fine.
>> [music]
>> And now we say your purpose is to and
then describe what the AI agent actually
does. And so here it would be your
purpose is to
send emails based on just send emails,
actually.
Yeah, your purpose is to send emails
to
customers.
And so that is it. That's the overview.
Now, of course, if it's a bit more
complex, then you have different tools,
then your purpose is going to be longer
because the purpose is different things.
And so this obviously depends on the
complexity. Now, I'm going to go through
a complex agent at the end, so don't
worry, you'll see exactly what it looks
like. But that right here is the first
part. The second part is the tools. So
right now in this AI agent, we are I
believe we're only connected, yeah, to
send a message.
And so that is the only tool. Now again,
a tool is a software is a thing that the
AI agent uses to take action. And so the
first thing is adding the full name.
So we say, "Hey, heading one, tool."
And the first thing we write is the tool
name, send message. And bear in mind
that the tool name, make sure it's the
exact name of the actual tool, not an
extra e, not an extra r, right? Exact
name. And now we have to add the
function and when to use it. So this
tool
will be used
when sending emails
to customers.
That's it.
And then And so if you have more tools,
then you have more names,
tool
name
and then tool description.
description. That's it. And the more
tools you have, the more you add right
here, right? And you keep going on and
on and on. And then we have rules. So
rules are great to then be able to give
it guardrails. So guardrails just means
that Let's say you're in the bowling
alley. You know, when you're at
bowling and they add the the little
sides on the
the little things that they put on the
sides cuz you're completely horrible.
It's only because by putting those
guardrails, there's a good chance that
you'll hit the target, right? If you're
anything like me at bowling, when I
throw the ball, it goes out, right? And
so by putting those those walls, it
makes sure that it actually hits the
thing.
And so that's exactly what we're doing
here. We're saying, "Hey, these are the
rules." And saying, "Always do this,
never do this, if unsure, do this." Now,
these three are obviously optional. It
depends on what rules you want. But in
this case, you can say, "Always make
sure to have an email address
before sending an email."
Right? Because we want to make sure that
we're actually sending the email to the
right person or a person at all. Then
you can say, "Never send an email
if you don't have
an email address.
If unsure, just ask the user
to clarify."
Simple as that. Obviously, it depends on
your use case, right? Again, it depends
on your use case, so the rules might
change. But for this specific use case
where we're just sending emails, then
this is fine. [music]
And then lastly, we have output format
and examples. Now, this is optional. I
wrote this as an option because it
depends on your use case. If I'm doing
something like an email send a message
assistant, there's no need to put output
format or examples, right? But what
these do is you tell it to basically
give you the output in a specific
format, so JSON or bullet list or
whatever it is, and it actually does it.
So in this case, what we could do is we
can say, "Format all responses as a
short, concise
sentence, right?" Or you could say, "A
bullet list
full
of
points, right?" It depends on your use
case. It kind of depends on what you
want.
>> [music]
>> Uh for this case, we can just keep it
very, very short and sweet. It's fine.
And then examples here. So examples in
this case, we wouldn't use it, right?
But for something a bit more complex
where it has different steps, where we
wanted to give it more guardrails
because again, giving it examples, it is
literally just giving it rules, right?
We're saying, "Hey, do it this way. Here
are some examples to guide you in the
right direction." So adding more
guardrails. Only because AI agents are
great, right? They're they're amazing.
They do really good stuff, but the
margin of error needs to be very, very
small when you're actually giving it to
clients. And so if you add more
guardrails, if you add more examples,
then the chances that it will error out,
which means that something goes wrong,
are very low. And the way that examples
usually work is we have the user.
>> [music]
>> So we say, "This is the input." So let's
say I say, "Send an email
to
Or actually, let's say I say, "Make a
LinkedIn post
about life."
And then you give it the uh the answer.
Right? You say
you actually give it the LinkedIn post.
So it can use the LinkedIn post as a
reference when actually giving the
output. And so why do we do this? It's
because again, with guardrails, the AI
agent knows what good looks like. It has
expectations. And by giving someone
expectations, they will get closer to
the actual goal because it aligns with
the expectations that you have. And so
that right there is a full structure of
prompt that we use. Obviously, some
things you add, some things you remove
depending on your use case, but this is
what it looks like.
And so when you pair up the user message
with a system prompt, the user message
is the input, so what do we get from the
user? And the system message is a thing
that it uses to actually think through
what it needs to do. Now, I'm going to
go through a single agent step prompt
and a multi-agent step prompt. So a
single-agent step prompt just means that
we just have one step before it goes to
the tools, right? And so if I go inside
here, the chat input will be the one
from Telegram, which is the text below,
which is what we covered before. And the
system message will be an overview, not
a personal AI assistant integrated with
Telegram. Your purpose is to help the
user manage communications efficiently
by retrieving the correct contact and
sending accurate, well-formatted emails
on command. As you can see, the purpose
changed because now we're also saying
you have to retrieve the correct contact
and sending accurate, well-formatted
emails on command. And now we're giving
it the tools. So the first tool is get
contacts,
right? We put this to bold it to say,
"Hey, this is important. This is the
name."
And the description is retrieves contact
details, name [music] and email, right?
So this AI agent in this case is
connected to two different tools.
It's connected to the get contacts,
which is a contact database, which is
the one right here, which has name,
email, and phone number.
And it's connected to send email, which
is another tool, right? And so that's
why we have get contacts to retrieve
contacts and we give it a rule. We also
say, "Use this first to verify the
recipient or retrieve missing contact
information." Because if you think about
it, what if I say I want to send an
email to, let's say, Michael James,
right? [music] How does it know the
email of Michael James? Which is why it
has to call this tool first and then it
can call the next tool. And then we have
send emails, send emails to contacts.
And the rules is never assume missing
details. Always ask for clarification.
If unsure, respond with, "Can you
confirm who I should send this email
to?" Keep the message short, clear, and
structured when replying on Telegram.
And so this right here is a very short
prompt that we give it because again,
the AI agent is pretty simple. We just
have it get contacts and we have send an
email. And now if I go here, I can wait
for the input.
So on Telegram right here, I can say
send an email to Michael James. I can
press go.
What this should now do is it should
call the contacts uh tool. Then it gives
us the output. And the output in this
case is, "Can you please provide the
subject and the email body uh of the
email that you want to send it to
Michael James?" So even though I told it
Michael James and it knows the email, I
didn't give it what the email was about.
And so now what I can say is,
"Send an email to Michael James
about uh and say we have dinner
tomorrow."
Now, you probably noticed that I
should execute this first. Uh that I
copied and reprompted this again.
Why did I do that? It's because in this
case, the AI agent doesn't have memory,
right? And so I have to reprompt it and
say, "Hey, send an email to Michael
James and say we have dinner tomorrow."
And now if I go to my email, I can see
that I have dinner tomorrow. Hi Michael
James, we have dinner tomorrow, best
regards, right? All within just telling
it a single prompt. But none of this
would have happened if I didn't prompt
it right. Because the AI agent, even
though it's hooked up to these tools, it
doesn't know that it should do this
first and then this, right? Which is why
it's all based on the instructions. I
mean, in, out, right? Let's be
honest. And it's the exact same as an
employee. You give an employee
instructions, you say, "Hey, when you
have to go to file taxes, do it in this
way." He does file taxes, he does it in
that way, and then he brings it to you.
If you say it's bad, it was not his
fault. It's the instructions, right? And
so you want to make sure that the
instructions are very clear and precise
so that the AI agent can actually do
what you want it to do.
And that right there is a single-agent
step prompt, which means that we only
have one step between here and the
tools.
>> [music]
>> And here we have a multi-agent step
prompt. Now, this agent looks
ridiculously big um right here, but it
is a video that I made about building a
personal assistant, which you can watch
up here. And the way it works [music] is
the exact same as the previous one right
here.
But in this case, we have Telegram,
which is the input.
We send it here. We also have the option
to do a voice message.
And then inside here, if I go inside,
the input is still JSON.text because it
comes from Telegram
and is defined below again because we're
not using chat trigger node. And if I go
to the system message, I can see that it
follows the same exact structure. It has
overview, tools, rules, and
instructions. And it also has final
reminder, which I'll explain exactly why
that's there.
So the first one is the overview. So
you're are the ultimate personal
assistant. Your job is to send the
user's query to the correct tool.
And so, in this case, we call it a
multi-step agent prompt because this
right here calls a tool, but the tool is
actually another AI agent. So, it
doesn't actually call the tool that
takes the action like to send an email
or get contacts. It calls
different agents. So, contact agent,
email agent, calendar agent, content
agent. Why is that? It's because when we
are doing something this complex, not
complex, but we're doing a ton of tasks.
We have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13
14. 14 tasks that the AI agent has the
ability to do. If we write all those 14
tasks
and we just connect it all to the same,
the main AI agent, there's a very high
probability that it will break. And so,
we break it down into a multi-step agent
prompt where we say, "Hey, these are the
agents that are connected to you.
If you get some sort of contact thing,
just send it to here. If you're asked to
take action on email, then call this
agent here.
Uh if you have to do anything within
calendar, call the calendar agent. And
the same thing with content. And then we
give it rules. Right, some actions
require you to look up contact
information first, which is the exact
same as we did before. We say, "Hey,
sometimes you need to go to the contact
agent first to get the contact and then
send the email." That's a step-by-step
process that it has to do. And then
instructions, call the necessary tools
based on the user's request. And we give
it some instructions to then give it
more guardrails, right? And finally, we
give it the current date and time. So,
the final reminder is just final things
that you want to add. In this case,
we're adding the current date and time
because AI, unfortunately, isn't the
best with dates and times. And so, with
AI agents, if we ever connect it to
something that has to do with time, like
calendar or
send an email for dinner tomorrow, it
needs to know what today is in order to
know what tomorrow is, right? And so,
that's why we add this formula right
here. And so, this right here is the
exact same as the other ones. User
message is like the one before.
And now we can go on to the next tools,
right? And so, from here it calls the
contact agent or the email agent. And
the best way that I can think about this
is like a CEO. A CEO doesn't actually
talk to each employee directly, right?
He talks to the head of sales, head of
operations, head of marketing. And then
the head of marketing talks to the
employees to take action. Why isn't it
the other way? Well, it's because if the
CEO had to talk to every single
employee, he would go crazy. And there's
a good chance he would get the employee
wrong because there's so many employees,
right? And so, right here, if I go to
contact agent, which is the head of
contacts, head of department, we just
have an overview and then we give it
tools, right? Get contact, add or update
contact, which is the tools
that we give right here.
Get contact and add or update contacts.
Same thing with this, email agent, we
have this, overview, tools, and some
rules as well, final reminder.
Same thing with calendar. I can see the
overview, tools, final reminder, and the
blog as well. Just because the contact
agent doesn't have to know today's date
and time to to get contacts, but these
do.
>> [music]
>> Uh overview, tool, and rules, right? And
so, that's it. The input here, the
prompt user message in this case would
be AI defining. And also, the only
difference from the single-step AI agent
to the multi-step AI agent is also the
user message, right? Because if I go
here, right? The user message here will
be Telegram. But if I go inside one of
these,
then I can see that this is now defined
automatically by the model. We say,
"Hey, the AI agent is given a task."
Right? This is the CEO. Then the CEO,
we're letting AI define what the CEO
tells the head of department,
right? Which is the prompt user message.
And we give it a description as well.
And then, based on the prompt, based on
the instructions, and based on the tools
that the head of department is connected
to, it will prompt each tool correctly.
And so, best practices for prompts is be
direct and explicit, right? The more
direct you are, the better it is.
Put critical info at the top or you can
put it with um markdown formatting to
make sure that it knows, "Hey, this is
title one, heading two, and heading
three." Keep it concise, no filler,
which means that the more stuff you add,
the more chances it will break. And that
is just a truth, which is why we're not
giving it a huge prompt, right? For the
multi-step AI agent, we're giving it one
prompt and then that goes to the next
and then the next, right? Only include
what improves performance. So, don't
include stuff just to include stuff
because again, the more context, the
more it needs to think, and the more
someone needs to think, the more chances
we have or the more likely it is for
actually stop working. And if you're
someone who wants to start and scale
your AI automation agency and work with
me personally one-to-one, then check the
first thing down below.
Hey, in this video I'm going to show you
step-by-step how you can connect over
500 AI models to your [music] N 10 AI
agents using OpenRouter. And I'll also
show you how I built a full AI agent
that actually decides what model to
choose based on the question that it was
given. With that being said, let's dive
in. So, if we go to N 10 right here, the
way that the AI agent works is that we
have an input.
We then have the actual AI agent, which
has instructions. This is the prompt
saying, "Hey, if you you are helpful
intelligent XYZ, you [music] do this and
you do that based on the input that
you're given."
And then what it has is it's connected
to its brain, which is an LLM, which is
the one that we're going to be changing
today.
The memory and the tools. And then it
gives us the output.
The only thing with this is that the
brain itself, when we go to N 10
chat model, this is the brain,
and I look for the software itself, we
can see that these are individual
softwares. These are individual LLMs.
So, if I want to connect Claude, that
means now I have to go to Claude and
make an API key and then choose a model
from here. But if I want to choose
OpenAI, then I have to go to platform
OpenAI, add money there, and do this
exact same thing for every single chat
model there is. But the question
becomes, what if there was just one
thing that we had to connect to the AI
agent that we can then use to access all
the models all together? Well,
welcome to OpenRouter. All you have to
do is go to openrouter.ai. Um I'm going
to leave the link down below in case you
want to check it out. And then we see
here on the top right that we have
different uh places that we can go. So,
if you go to models, this will basically
show us all the models that we have that
we are able to connect with OpenRouter
to then be able to access in our
automations, right? We have DeepSeek.
I don't know what this is. Um
there's tons of them. More than more
than you probably know, right? There's a
whole list, 500 models, which is crazy.
Then we have chat,
which is where we can actually
test or we can actually talk to all the
different models.
And then we have rankings, which is
actually an interesting feature because
we can see the leaderboard of which
models are the best. In this case, top
this week will be Grok.
And then if I go below to market share,
uh but below here to categories, we get
to see which model is the best by what
category. So, marketing for example,
I can see that Gemini 2.5 Flash is the
best for marketing. And if I go to sales
or whatever it is, science,
I can see that we have
Gemini 2.5 Flash. Right? And so, you get
to see exactly which models, this is a
live representation of which model is
the best for what specific use case that
you can then use, right? But for this
video, I'm not going to show you which
model is the best. I'm just going to
show you how you can connect it to N 10.
Uh the first step here is to make an
account.
Once you made an account, you go to
profile and you go to keys.
When you go to keys, this is like the
exact same thing that we did for Claude,
OpenAI, Grok, Gemini. We have to create
an API key. The only difference with
this API key is that we only have to
create one key to access all the models
instead of creating one key per model,
right? We press here.
Let's name it
all models key.
Uh reset limit every
choose how often the limit should reset.
No, NA is fine.
No limit.
Press create and now you have this key
right here,
which you can copy.
You can then go to N 10
chat model,
look for OpenRouter right here.
And then to connect your OpenRouter
account,
you can create a new credential,
paste the API key that we just had,
and name it all models. Okay.
And press save.
And now you have access to this API key.
Now, of course, this is not free. So,
the next step you have to do is add
credits into our account so we're able
to access all the LLMs and use them.
Uh I'm going to go here, profile,
to credits.
And yeah, also credits here. And now you
get to add credits here. Now, the thing
is you would add credits anyways cuz you
would have to go to ChatGPT, Claude,
Gemini, Grok. You have to make an API
key, but even those softwares are not
free. And so, this just allows you to
make it so much easier for yourself to
just add money in one place so that
you're able to actually access all the
models. And quick note here, when you're
working with clients and actually
implementing these automations and AI
agents into their system, sometimes you
would use more than two LLMs. Maybe one
for writing content, maybe one for
structuring data, maybe one for
reasoning, right? And so, this right
here gives us the ability to tell the
client, "Hey, just make an account on
one place. You don't have to go to every
single LLM to make an API key to add
credits," which makes it so much more
structured in the long run. Once we have
the credits down, we can go to N 10. We
can see that now
we have access to all these models right
here.
Perplexity, Qwen, OpenAI,
Claude,
there's a Grok, right? There's a ton of
different models that we can access
through the API version, which is
insane.
And this would be the exact same as just
adding
in this case, OpenAI
4.1 Mini, right? Because we're using 4.1
Mini here, but we're also using it here.
Right? If I go here, then I can chat to
it. So, let's say
say hello.
I can see that now it's calling
OpenRouter
and it's giving us an answer. How can I
help you today? All right. So, now that
we connected the OpenRouter to our N 10
AI agent, now let's make an AI agent
that basically gets the input, which is
the question, gives it to the first AI
agent, which will decide what model to
use, and then it will use the model that
it needs to use based on the question
that it was given, okay? Now, the
fundamental concept here is that when we
go to OpenRouter
and I go to the model, if I press
expression,
this means now I can hardcode, which
means I can actually type the model that
we want, right? Which comes from this
list. So, I go to GPT-4 Turbo. I have
this. Now, this is the name of the
actual model. This is the way that the
API recognizes that we want to use GPT-4
Turbo. And so, in theory, when you think
about it, if you want an AI agent that
decides what model to choose, we need to
give it this text right here,
right? And then, it uses that model that
it we give it will be able to answer the
question.
And so, I map this out here.
This is a two-step uh AI agent. We have
the first one to choose the LLM, which
is LLM just means OpenAI, Claude,
Gemini. And then we have the second AI
agent to give the answer to the question
based on the LLM that the first AI agent
chose. So, [music] if I go here, I can
delete this now.
Let's go to the first one, agent.
Let's do LLM
router.
Keep the input the same. Now, the input
is chat input, which is this.
Then, we're going to need this as well.
I'm going to show you exactly how you do
it. You can go to system message,
expression, and then I'm going to paste
the message or the prompt that I already
had. Go here, paste it. And so, this
prompt right here basically is giving
the AI agent an overview of what it is.
In this case, it's an AI agent that
decides an LLM model. It gives us the
name of the LLM model based on the
question that it was given. And then we
give it context. So, we say, "Hey, you
have access to Perplexity Sonar, which
is good for extended reasoning in this
and this.
You have access to OpenAI O3 Mini High,
which is a cost-efficient model that
does this.
You have access to Anthropic Claude 3.5
Sonnet, which is good for this.
Right? Your task is to
respond only in the following JSON
format, clearly stating the user's
original query and the selected model.
Right? So, this will be the output that
we want.
We want the Let me take this out,
actually.
Cuz it will give it to me like that. Uh
but we want the user query, which is the
user's question,
and then we want the model.
So that the next AI agent is given the
model that it needs to use and the
question that it was it was given by the
user.
And so, we also give it a few examples
cuz it's always good to give the AI
examples. So, for example, if you find
the real-time stock price and latest
news on Tesla, we know that Perplexity
Sonar is great for research, and so it
will use the output will be Perplexity
Sonar. Same thing with craft a full
business strategy for a startup, it will
be OpenAI O3 Mini High, and then write
Python code to build a snake game,
Anthropic Claude 3.5 Sonnet. And at the
end of the video, I'll show you how you
can get the whole system for free, so
don't worry. Um but this is what we use
to give the AI agent. Now, we're going
to require a specific output format
because of the fact that we are asking
what we are asking the AI agent to give
us the output in JSON.
Right? And so, I'm going to copy this.
I believe
this will be the right way to do it. Um
require specific output format. This is
good. So, I'm saying, "Hey, let's
connect this to OpenRouter."
This isn't the AI agent that will choose
its model. Let's just use 4.1 Mini, and
that's fixed. That doesn't change.
And then,
the output parser,
cuz there's memory,
which is simple memory, which will be
the thing that the AI agent uses to
remember its conversation. The tools,
we're not going to need any tools here.
And then output parser, we can use
structured output parser right here.
And we can say
define JSON schema,
and we can say, I believe,
that it will be
Oh, is it?
Properties. Oh, user query, and then
model. I think this might be it.
Yeah, I think this might be it. So, we
say, "Hey, use this JSON." JSON is just
a It stands for JavaScript Object
Notation. It's just the way that
computers speak to each other. It's like
the English for computers. And so, we're
saying, "Hey, I want the user query as
one property,
and I want the model to be another
property."
So, what I'm going to do now is I'm
going to run this.
I'm going to go here and say, "Can you
research
Tesla news?"
So, now it should give me the output.
What is it? There we go.
Model, Perplexity Sonar, and the user
query, "Can you research Tesla news?"
Which is great. Um so, now I can give
this to the next AI agent to actually
answer the question using this model.
But I'll show you here. If I go here and
I say,
"Can you
generate code for a snake game?"
This should now use Claude. Right? So,
it should now give me the output of
Claude.
And so, that's how you dynamically
change the model in the next AI agent
based on the input that we gave. And so,
the next step is an AI agent again,
and the input will not be connected to
the chat trigger node. It will be
defined below,
because the input will be user query.
And if I go here to
um the chat model,
and I go to OpenRouter,
zoom out. I can now go to expression
because now I'm going to dynamically I'm
not going to choose this, because if I
choose this model right here, it will
always choose this model. It doesn't
change. So, I'm going to go to
expression, which allows us to change
the actual model by text, and I'm going
to paste Not paste. I'm going to bring
this across so [music] that it uses
this,
which changes every single time based on
the answer that we get from this AI
agent. Okay? So, I'm going to go here,
and then I believe this is it.
Yep.
And then AI agent.
>> [music]
>> That's cool. So, let's see how it works.
I'm going to go here, and I'm going to
paste this again. Let me actually rerun
this.
I rerun this. Can you generate code for
a snake game? Now, it's using the model.
It's going here.
It's choosing the actual model that we
get. So, in this case, it would be
Anthropic/Claude
3.5 Sonnet. And now it's using Claude
to generate the answer
because this is the output here.
And we get
the code right here
using Claude. And then right here we
have the logs, which is essentially what
is the step-by-step process that we just
went through from the start until the
end.
And so, what we did there is that we
have the model, and we have the user
query. Then it goes to the second AI
agent. And if I go here,
I can see that it used this model
to be able to give us this answer.
If I go here, I can see that this will
be the answer. Right? Now, let's change
it up. Can you do
research on the top AI news in the US?
When I press go,
and now it should be using Perplexity, I
assume. Yeah, Perplexity Sonar.
It's going to send the model to this
OpenRouter chat cuz it dynamically
changes every single time, and we get
the output,
which is the top news.
Which is crazy, to be honest, because
now you have the ability to literally
choose which model you want to use,
right? Based on the input. And the model
that we use here is Perplexity Sonar.
And then it changes every single time.
And one thing you could do here is you
can add more and more models. As in, you
can give it more context to more models.
This is only three models, right?
Anthropic, OpenAI, and Perplexity. But
you can have over 200. Of course, not
recommended uh to honestly because it
will kind of trip up, and it might get
the name wrong. And if it gets the name
wrong, then this obviously wouldn't
work. Uh but you can definitely add more
than three here. So, it has access to
more models in that case.
In this video, I'm going to show you the
top three ways that you can scrape any
website inside of n8n in just a matter
of minutes. I'll show you exactly the
fastest way and the most scalable way
and which one you should probably use. I
So, before we get to the actual method,
let's talk about scraping. So, when
someone says, "I want to scrape a
website," what they mean is that they
want to go inside a domain, a public
domain, right? Which is accessible, and
they want to extract all this
information right here.
Now, if you don't know, each website is
actually if I go to inspect,
it's consisted of all this code. Now,
luckily, we don't have to know any of
this, right? But just know that this is
called HTML. So, HTML is a thing that
websites are written in, which allows it
to have an image, have this button
that's red, have this video, have this
number, and so on. It makes websites
look pretty. And so, when we say scrape,
we're scraping all the information here,
but realistically, we're scraping this,
right? We are scraping if I go to
inspect this code, which you can then
use to send emails, to maybe reply to
messages, maybe to customize a message
based on the website, and so on. And so,
that's what scraping websites mean. Now,
the first way is using a HTTP request.
Now, I covered this node in much more
detail in my API 101 fundamentals video,
which you can check up here. But right
here, we introduce to two different
fields, the method and the URL. So, the
[music] URL in this case would literally
just be the website of the actual thing,
which is in this case,
jamesolutions.twooses.com.
And the method in this case is either
get, delete, add, options, patch, post,
put. Now, these are all methods that we
use when we make a request. A request
just means we're saying, "Hey server,
can you do something for us and give us
back the information?" In this case, we
have to use get because we want to get
information. So, now all I have to do is
put get, put the URL, and leave
authentication as none, and leave all of
this blank. And if I press execute step,
you can see here that it's going inside
the website, and it's extracting
all the HTML, the whole code,
which you can see here, which is very,
very, very long, right? And this right
here is what's behind this. We just
extracted this code right here
inside this, right? Which you can then
use to do something else. Now, the only
problem here is that the HTTP gives us
the whole HTML, which is way too large
for us to feed it into maybe an LLM like
OpenAI, to maybe generate emails or
generate messages. So, what we do here
is turn the HTML, which is the whole
long code of the website, into text,
which is now readable to someone. So, I
can go here to plus. I can look for HTML
uh right here. So, work with HTML. I can
press on this,
and I can do extract HTML content,
which means that it's extracting the
text from the actual thing. And now, we
can extract HTML content. The source
data will be JSON because this is JSON.
Um well, like this. This is all JSON.
And if you're wondering what JSON is,
video up here.
Uh and then the property will be data
because this is called data. And the
key,
will let's call this website
text.
And let's do to
body.
And now if execute the step,
I can see [music] that we actually get
the text of the website. So, we got from
the HTML that we got, which is just a
ton of stuff, which is all of this,
right? All these letters and colors and
images and videos, which you typically
don't want. We just want the text. We're
saying, "Okay, just extract the text
from here." And as you can see, this is
much shorter than this one,
>> [music]
>> which is way longer than this, right?
And now this is something that you can
add to an AI
for it to draft emails or do something
else. And we also use this node right
here to be able to set up API requests.
Now, API request, I actually mentioned
this in my API 101 video, which you can
find up here. If you go to any of them
right here on App Event,
there'll be tons of apps, right? But not
everything is here, right? And so, how
do you automate something within an app
that you can't find the app here, right?
And so, let's say I want to use
PandaDoc, but PandaDoc is not here. It's
unlisted here. But I know for a fact
that you can actually automate things
within PandaDoc, which is where we have
to make our own app using a HTTP
request. And then we typically use the
HTTP node when the website is static, no
JavaScript, which means that it doesn't
actually change over time, and you're
testing or building a simple automation.
So, we typically use this for testing or
to build something quick. Now, the pros
is that this is fast and it's free,
completely free. There's no extra setup
or accounts needed. You just literally
need to put a URL and run it. And it
works great for APIs or plain pages. So,
APIs, like I mentioned, is just the way
that softwares talk to each other. So,
if you can't find a software in any of
them, you have to set up your own sort
of app to make it happen, which is where
you use a HTTP node. And plain pages,
again, is this. The website is static.
So, there's just that, just the text. It
doesn't change over time. It's same.
Now, the cons of this is that it gets
messy and unreadable HTML. So, as you
saw here, this right here gives me the
whole HTML, which isn't really readable,
which is why we have to use something
like this. But if it wasn't for this,
then we would just have to deal with the
HTML that makes no sense to anybody.
Then in terms of web scraping, it can't
handle JavaScript heavy sites. So, sites
that are changing over time that are a
bit more complex, it cannot handle
those. And it's very, very easy to get
IP blocked if scraped a lot. So, if you
scrape this website continuously over
and over again, you will get blocked,
right? There's a good chance you will
get blocked. And on top of that, we can
actually scrape every website. So, if I
go to my LinkedIn here,
and I just copy the URL and I paste it
here
inside,
LinkedIn isn't a platform that you can
actually scrape on a public level,
right? So, in this case, what this did
is that it just literally went to
LinkedIn.
It just scraped this. It tried to scrape
it. And LinkedIn said, "No, we have a
wall between you and me, and the wall is
an encryption. It's a password that we
have to go through." Which is why we
can't use HTTP requests for everything.
All right. So, the next method is using
Firecrawl. So, if you just type
Firecrawl right here,
you can go to Firecrawl, the web data
API for AI. And this website, the server
is great if you just want to scrape
websites. That's what it's meant to do.
And so, when you make an account, just
go to your dashboard,
and you are able to then go to API keys,
copy this key,
and then if you go back to n8n, you can
download this. So, you can go to
Firecrawl.
You have to install the node. So,
there'll be a button here that says
install. And then you have different
options right here. But when you press
any options that say scrape a URL and
get its content, you will get introduced
to this page right here. All you have to
do is connect your account by adding the
API key, press save, and once this is
connected, you now have the operation
which you have to pick, which is what is
the action that we're actually doing.
And there's different options. So, the
first one is search and optionally
scrape search results. Now, what this
means is that you're asking Google to
look something up for me. Then we have
map a website and get URLs. So, this
goes inside a website and gets all the
URLs, like the about section, the
services, the homepage, all that stuff,
all the URLs that you might need. Then
we have scrape a URL and get its
content, which is literally just
scraping the URL and getting its
content. So, you're going inside the URL
and getting everything back, so the
text.
And I'll show you how this is different
from the HTTP that we just used. Crawl a
website is a bit more advanced than this
right here. Um, but it still scrapes
websites. Then we have get crawl status,
which is you being able to get the
status of whether this is done or not.
So, you send a request. You're saying,
"Hey, can you just go inside this
website and get absolutely everything
that you that you have?" And this is
saying, "Okay, the status is approved.
Everything's good. You can move
forward." Then we have extract data. So,
in case we want to tell it, "Hey, go
inside the website and extract the
email, extract whatever it is." Then we
have get extract status, because the way
that these work is that you send the
request at first and then you get the
status. So, send the request and get the
status. And then custom API calls, which
is not going to in case you want to do
some more complex stuff.
So, in this case, we're just going to
use scrape a URL and get its content.
So, I'm just going to add my website. Go
here. Let me delete this.
Looks crazy. Um,
and I'm going to press execute step.
And what this will now do, if you go to
schema, is it would actually
extract the text. So, in comparison to
the HTTP node that we just used, this
doesn't give us the HTML, but it
automatically
does the job that these two do, right?
It goes inside the website and it gives
me the text, not the HTML. So, it's
condensed. So, you can see here, right?
Zoom out.
This is the text of the website. Plus,
we also get the metadata. So, we get the
description, and we get a bunch more
stuff that we can use for whatever it
is. And bear in mind that this
Firecrawl, I believe it's free.
Uh, they give you free credits every
month. So, you have about 525 credits. I
believe that each scrape is about two
two credits per scrape. But as I
mentioned, if you want to do something
more complex, you can also extract the
data, which allows you to put a prompt
saying, "Hey, can you extract this for
me from the website?" And then you can
put a URL here, and that extracts the
exact thing that you asked it to
extract. But in theory, what this would
look like is you have the URL, so you
would scrape it. You would do this whole
thing. Then you add the markdown, which
is just a way that you write English for
computers, per se.
And then you add this to an AI step to
extract the data that you want, to
extract maybe what the offers of the
company, uh, who are they targeting, for
whatever use case you have. Now, if
Firecrawl is great if you want a clean
readable website content. As you
mentioned,
we are doing the job of these two just
by using one node. You're also able to
scrape modern uh, slash dynamic
websites, which are websites that change
over time,
which is great. And if you want data
safe from bans and errors. So, there
isn't really any IP banning like HTTP,
because behind this node right here,
there's a ton of code that happens in
the back end, which allows you to be
more safe when you scrape. And the pros
here is handles JavaScript sites easily,
like I mentioned, so modern and dynamic
websites. It returns clean markdown or
JSON, which is not the full HTML, but
the thing that we actually want from the
website, which is the text. It uses
random proxies to avoid bans. Uh, so
when you hear proxies, it just means
that it's like sort of some things in
the back end, in the code behind this
website, uh, when it actually scrapes,
that make it safe for you to actually do
it, right? So, you don't actually get
banned.
And can map, search, or extract data at
scale. So, this is scalable, much more
scalable than this, because this only
works for a few sites and then you get
banned or something bad happens. But in
this case, because it's safer, it's also
more scalable over time.
The only cons of this is that it needs
an API key plus a small cost per crawl.
So, as we saw, this is not free. I mean,
it is free,
but if you want to go above this, then
you're going to have to pay. And I
believe that if I go to the website,
I go to pricing,
then we have per credits, right? So, we
have 500 credits for free.
And if you want
3,000 credits, you have to pay $16 a
month, 16 euros a month,
which is not bad. Um, but it only
depends of how many credits you need.
All right. And each scrape takes about
two credits.
You can scrape about 1,500 websites, um,
using 3,000 credits, depending on the
website and depending how complex it is.
And then it's slightly slower than a raw
HTTP request. So, this takes a bit more
time uh, just because there's more stuff
in the back end. As you can see here, if
I go to execute step, one, two.
Well, actually pretty fast. Uh, and
here,
if I just go to Gen Solutions,
it's much faster, right? Like maybe half
the time. And the third method is Apify.
Now, I've made a full masterclass on
Apify, exactly how it works and
different use cases that you can use
with Apify. You can check it out up
here. But if I go to Apify platform,
apify.com, the way that I would describe
this is the Amazon for scrapers. So,
just like on Amazon, people sell
something and others buy something.
There's consumers and there's sellers.
In this case, the consumers is us. We're
going inside the platform to say, "Hey,
I want to scrape some Instagram
profiles."
And on the seller side, it's like, "Hey,
I just built a scraper that you can use
to scrape Instagram profiles, but you
have to pay me or you have to do some
sort of exchange of of credits or
something like that." And so, when you
make an account on Apify, you can go to
console,
and important thing here is that on the
bottom, you see that we have 8 gigabytes
of RAM, which is memory, and we have $5
for free every single month. Now, if you
do the math here, depending on which
scraper you use, it's free, right?
Depending on how much you use it. And
so, this is great because it allows us
to scrape tons more stuff than something
like Firecrawl or definitely HTTP,
because now we have the ability to
scrape Google Maps, Facebook, TikTok,
tons of stuff that you just simply can't
do with Firecrawl or HTTP.
But in this case, let's just do the
website content crawler, right? So, the
first step is actually connecting n8n to
Apify. So, I'm going to go to the run an
actor, which you can find Apify here.
You can do run an actor.
Actions, run an actor.
And by the way, actor is just the the
scraper. So, we call them scraper. Like
the Amazon product is called in this
case an actor.
The way to connect it is go here, press
plus, then go back here, go to settings,
I believe. Yes. And then go to API
integrations, and you You copy this.
Bring it back.
And go to API key. And save.
And name it whatever you want. Press
save. And now you have your account
connected. And now the resource is
actor. The action that we're taking is
run an actor. The actor source is
recently run actors. And the actor in
this case, you can choose
Um in this case you want to use the
website content crawler. Which you can
find right here. You can go to Apify
Store.
Go to website. Well, in this case you
can see it here.
And let's say you didn't see that. You
can go website content crawler.
Press here. And now you can start using
this scraper right away. And like I
mentioned, this scraper, what it is,
it's something that Well, in this case
it was built by Apify itself, the
platform. But usually we have
random people like Let me show you.
We have Compass. We have API Dojo. We
have Clockwork.
We have Curious Coder and some other
people who actually build these scrapers
and make money out of them. So as you
can see here, the pricing is pay per
usage. So you pay per run. But since we
have $5 of free credits, each run I
believe is a few cents. We'll see when
we actually run it. Um but it's very
very cheap. So in this case, you just
want to just test it. Just press start.
This will be an automatic thing that
will be there at default.
When you press start, what this will
look like is that it will start running.
We'll show you that it's running.
And here it will show you the results.
The request, the amount of usage that it
takes to script the website, and the
duration, and also the date. And down
here you can see the actor getting the
data. Now an important thing here is
that we currently just used Apify's
platform to scrape. But ideally we want
to use it within our automations. And so
right here, we can see that we have the
full text of the website, which is
great.
And now in order for us to set this
scraper up, all we have to do is go back
to n8n. I can choose the website content
crawler. And now we need an input JSON.
So an input JSON is something that you
can find right here.
>> [music]
>> And right here, there's two different
ways that you can run it. The first way
is manual, where you can start adding
the URL of the website, the different
types of crawlers, which is optional,
but you have different types. So adapt
to switching between browser and raw
HTTP, which by the way makes no sense to
anybody. And then we can use the crawler
type, which is the type of thing or the
type of way that we actually crawl the
website. Crawl just means extract all
the data that you can then apply to the
actual [music] scrape.
And then there's also stuff like crawler
settings, HTML processing, output
settings, and run options, which are all
things that we can change. But to keep
it simple, we will not change anything.
All we have to do is go to JSON, which
is the way that we actually use this in
the automation.
All I have to do is copy this.
I have to go back to n8n.
I can delete this. I can paste the URL.
Well, not the URL, the JSON.
And now all I have to do is change the
website, right? With the URL. In this
case, let's leave this right here. I can
now press execute step.
If I go back, I can see in the runs
this is now running.
So we have a new thing running
automatically, right? Without going into
the actual platform,
which is how you use it within your
automations. All right. So I realized
there was an issue here. And the issue
was that I actually exceeded my memory,
even though it doesn't say here, but
I've been using this a lot more than you
think. Um but if you're new to this, you
will not have that problem. So I'm going
to sign out and log in with a different
account. So what I did here is I just
changed account cuz the other one was
maxed out. And now the actor is running.
So we can wait for the information here.
All right. So it just finished running.
And we get this data right here. As you
can see, I told you that we don't
actually get the text of the website.
What we get is something called a
default data set ID, which I can copy.
And then Well, not copy, but go to the
next step. So let me just pin this.
Press P so I don't have to rerun this
again.
And right here, I can go to schema. I
can look for the default data set ID,
which is right here.
And I can give it as well.
And make sure that your connection is
correct. And now if I press execute
step, I can see that I have the whole
JSON here. And down here I have the text
of the website, which I can then use for
the next steps. Now you should only be
using Apify when when you're doing
large-scale scraping or complex projects
like LinkedIn, Amazon, because Apify is
known not for scraping just websites,
but for scraping Instagram profiles or
TikTok profiles or Facebook or LinkedIn.
If I go to here, LinkedIn, a platform
that natively does not want to get
scraped, um you can see that we can
scrape it using this stuff using these
different scrapers. And we have tons of
options as well. And also when you need
to use pre-built scrapers or browser
automation, because these right here are
all pre-built scrapers that we can use
to do whatever it is that we wanted to.
And we have a big variety of different
scrapers that we can use for different
use cases. Like I mentioned, social
media is a big one, uh which is where we
use Apify for a lot of these things. Uh
but there's tons more as well. Now the
pros is that we have a huge library of
pre-made scrapers, actors. It's
cloud-based, so there's no setup. It
handles login-based or complex sites,
which is very good, like LinkedIn,
something that with a HTTP node, you
just can't do because there's an
encryption, there's a password. And so
what they have is they have proxies that
go around the password. They make it
seem like they're an actual user to then
script the data. And the cons is that it
can get quite expensive at scale,
depending on the scraper that you use,
depending on the actor.
More setup steps for custom logic, and
overkill for small simple scripts,
right?
So if you're using something really
really simple, you're better off going
with something like Firecrawl, which is
simple, is very easy to set up, and it's
just made for websites. So now that you
have the skills to build workflows with
AI agents, let's focus on building just
AI workflows. Now don't get me wrong, AI
agents are extremely powerful when you
have to build them for businesses. But
the reality is that most of the times we
simply don't want an AI agent inside the
workflow because it's much easier just
to have a simple workflow. And tons of
businesses just need something simple
rather than anything complex that will
just make it harder, that is not
scalable, and that we simply just can't
put to production. And so in the next
module, we'll look at real-world AI
workflows, projects that we build step
by step for businesses. We'll look at
everything again from finance,
operations, sales, and marketing. So
you'll be able to build AI agents and
workflows at the same time.
I built no-code rag agent inside of n8n,
which allows me to search through
hundreds of documents all within
seconds. All right. So this agent is
split up into two different steps. The
first step is new document into
Superbase. So if I go here to the SOPs,
which ChatGPT made a quick one, I can
see that I have an SOP for a creative
agency. All I have to do right here is
go to file. I can download it as a PDF.
And this is a thing that I have to
upload into Google Drive. As soon as I
upload it into Google Drive, it will
download here. And I just have to press
execute workflow. Of course, this
workflow will automatically be will be
executed every on a polling trigger, so
every day or every hour, whatever it is.
And now this file is stored in our
Superbase, which is the vector database
that we have here. And now all I have to
do is go to our next agent, which is the
agent that you'll be using, and go to
open chat and ask any questions we have.
So if I go to SOPs, I can see that one
of the questions one of the things that
I mentioned is that ClickUp or Asana or
Notion are used as a project management
tool. So if I go here and say What tools
do we use
for our project management?
What it's doing now, it's it's querying
the agent. So it's querying the actual
database that we stored the information
in. And it's going to give us an answer.
In this case, it's ClickUp. All right.
If I go here, the answer was ClickUp.
All right. So that's exactly how the
agent works. And if you have hundreds of
documents, it will scan through hundreds
of documents and it will give you a
concise answer based on what it found.
All right. So let's go to Miro and let
me show you exactly how it works and
what the whole thing's about. So the
source data is essentially what is that
thing that we give the agent? What is
that thing that we give the database for
it to pull information from when we ask
any questions? Uh in this case, it can
be in the form of video, audio, image,
or text.
We use PDF, but you can use any of
these. Now for the source data, for the
data, for the file, whatever you're
using, uh to be added to the database,
again for the agent to pull information
from, it needs to be transformed into an
embedding. Now what the embedding means
is that it takes the file and turns it
into these numbers, into vectors, right?
Which gives me a bad bad um memory of
high school. Uh but the embeddings right
here are 0100100.
It's just a bunch of numbers that
represent the file that we gave it. And
then these vectors, so this is a vector
for a specific file, will be stored into
a vector database, which is a database
which has different vectors for
different files. And that's the thing
that the agent is going to query, is
going to ask when it needs to find
anything that we asked it. And
fundamentally, that's how a file gets
turned into a vector, which gets stored
into a vector database. It might sound
complex, but it's actually very very
easy because a file is a vector and
database is just full of vectors, full
of files. Now, how does it work when you
actually ask it a question? How does it
pull information from the vector
database to give us an answer? Well, the
question that you asked it is in text.
You say, "Hey, what is that XYZ?" Now
those different letters that you asked
those sentences that you give or that
question gets turned into an embedding,
which gets matched to the embeddings
here. And that's how it gives you an
answer cuz it matches the different
numbers. All right. So let's go to n8n.
Let me go here and we can actually build
one from scratch.
So the first one, as I mentioned, is
pulling data
from a Google Drive. And that will be
the thing that will be stored into the
Superbase. So ideally your team will
just drop files in Google Drive and the
automation just runs every every so
often, every 1 hour, every day, whatever
it is. So first step is actually making
the drive. So we made a drive. We called
it rag example. And that's the thing
that you want to do on a Google Drive
because that's the place that we use to
just drop the documents for it to go to
the Superbase.
And then we go here. And one of the
first steps here is watching every new
file that is created because that's the
thing that starts the automation, right?
We don't want to automatically or we
don't want to manually run the
automation every single time. We want
the automation to be smart enough to
know when a file is created in the drive
so that it pulls it to the database. So
the first step here is Google Drive.
And the action is
on changes involving a specific folder.
So what this is is you're watching a
specific change within a folder. And the
to change itself is a new file being
created. So, all you have to do to
connect Google Drive to your N8N is go
here and you need a client ID and client
secret. I would recommend watching or
asking the assistant exactly
step-by-step what you can do. It's more
of a longer process, um but it's very
very easy. Let me know down below if you
want a full tutorial where I can show
you exactly how you can do it. Uh but
once you connected your Google Drive,
let me go here,
>> [music]
>> you'll have this.
Then it's asking you poll times. This
means how long or how often do you want
to run the automation? So, in this case,
we can do every minute, which is fine.
And trigger on changes involved in the
folder. Okay, that's fine because we
want to change we want to watch changes
inside the folder. The folder itself
will be rag example, so rag example.
So, here. And then what are we watching
for? In this case, we're watching for a
file being created, right? So, let me
actually test this. Let me fetch test
event.
In this case,
I think the file was the one I put it
before, but let me do another one. So,
let me delete this
with the trash.
And let me
put it back here. So, I delete when one
is here. Every minute it runs and it
checks that it any document has been
added. So, I can go here, fetch test
event, and this right here has been
added and this will be
the file. So, let's see if that's the
file that we have.
Agency SOPs to PDF, [music]
which is this one.
Right, and that's the one that we're
going to be adding to the actual
database. All right, so now we have an
automation set up where it triggers
whenever a file is created inside of
Google Drive. But how do we actually
send a document from Google Drive to the
vector database? Right? Well, in this
case, to send any documents there, we
have to download the file first because
the vector database only
gets or only intakes binary, which I
will explain in just a second. But the
way that we have to send a document in
the vector database is in a very very
specific format, which is in the binary
format. So, all we have to do here is
actually download the file before we
send it to the vector database. And to
download the file, you have to press
plus, go to drive, and then you can
download a file right here.
Connect it, which is the same. File
download, and then the file we don't
want to select the file because we want
it to be dynamic. We want it to change
every single time,
and we can do ID, and the ID of the file
will be the one here. So, let me go
down to the ID. There we go.
And this is the ID of the file that
changes every single time because it's a
new file that we're doing. And that's
the thing that's going to be added to
the vector database.
And if I go here, let me just pin this,
which means that I'll already have this
input. I can I don't have to rerun this.
I can just use this as test data. I can
add it to the step,
and I can see that we have binary right
here.
This is exactly the type of input or the
type of thing that goes into the vector
database,
which you don't get in the previous one.
So, we have to download it first.
All right. Now, once we downloaded it,
we can go to Superbase because that's
the software that we're using to
actually add a document to. Superbase
vector store.
Add documents to vector store because
we're adding a document,
and you'll come on this page.
Now, once you come on this page, in
order for us to connect your Superbase
vector store, I'm going to go through
everything step-by-step. So, we go here,
create new credential,
and then the service role secret will
should be the thing in Superbase. So,
let me go here. Let me actually log out
and make a new account so you guys can
see exactly what it looks like. Let's
sign up now, actually.
Let me do my email,
and then my password.
Got
which is the same password I use for
every single email, which is not good.
Uh sign up.
Check your email notification. So, this
is the email that I got. Confirm email
address, and this will be the account
that is just made for Superbase.
All we have to do is organization,
personal. There you go. Create
organization.
And that's I just want to walk you
through step-by-step because that's
exactly what you have to do when you do
this.
And you can create a new project. Uh let
me just
let me just cancel. [music] That's fine.
So, that's it. So, now actually we can
create a new project because we actually
need this.
Uh let me do N8N
YouTube rag agent.
The password is
not strong enough.
Create a new project, and now we have
the project that is being added to
Superbase. All right, cool. So, once you
get to this page, there's a few things
we have to do. Now, the first thing we
have to do is we have to connect our
Superbase to N8N. And then the second
thing we have to do is actually make the
database that we add the document to.
So, in order for us to connect N8N, we
have to have a service role secret. In
order to have the service role secret,
we have to go, I believe, to project
settings, API keys.
There we go. Service role secret. So, we
can reveal. Let me just copy this,
and this is the thing that you want to
paste into N8N.
>> [music]
>> So, on here.
And you can save it.
Couldn't couldn't connect with these
settings. Let's see why. Okay, and so
the reason why it says couldn't connect
settings because I'm missing my host,
which I didn't even see. Uh now, so to
connect this host, you have to go to
Superbase.
You have to go to, I believe, project
overview. Yeah. And then down here,
there should be a project URL, which is
this one right here.
So, you should copy, go back to N8N,
paste it, and now you can save it.
And now the connection is tested
successfully. Let me do N8N YouTube
uh
Name your connections right cuz don't be
like me. Save it. Okay, so now that we
connected our N8N to Superbase, we have
to put operations mode, which is insert
document because that's the thing that
we're doing. We're inserting a document
into a database. But the problem is
there's no database to add the documents
to. So, the next step is this.
All we have to do to connect or to add a
database is to go to docs,
scroll down
to
uh where is it? Yeah, this one here. So,
a quick start for setting up your vector
store. Press this,
>> [music]
>> and you'll come on this page. All you
have to do here, just have to copy this,
right? Don't get overwhelmed. Just
follow me step-by-step. You go to
Superbase, and then you have to go to
this right here, SQL editor.
Just paste this here.
Paste it. There you go, like this.
Let me zoom out. And now you will have
this code here. Now, all you have to do
is run it.
Once you run it, on the bottom right,
it should say success, no rows returned.
[music]
Okay, so once that's done, once you
actually made this, on the table editor,
you can see that we just made a table
called documents. And this right here is
the database that we're going to be
adding document to. So, if I go back to
N8N, I can now choose
refresh. Let's refresh, actually,
cuz sometimes it trips out.
And it takes a while to actually update.
I'm going to go here,
and I'll have documents now from the
list. And so, that's document that's the
the place where we actually get to store
the document in. If I go to options,
can match the options, map documents,
and leave this as is. And the embedding
max size is 200, which is fine. And now,
in order for us to actually make it
work, we have to connect two different
things. The first one is the embedding,
which is what is that AI or I mentioned
before that we have to take the file and
turn it into different numbers. So, we
have to use AI for this, which in this
case, we could use OpenAI right here.
And we can leave this as text embedding
three small. Again, to connect your
OpenAI to N8N, all you have to do is get
the API key, which you can find on
platform.openai.com.
Let me go here. Let me actually show
you.
platform.openai.com. You log in.
Dashboard. On the left-hand side, you
have API keys.
Create a secret key. Name it whatever
you want. So, let's do N8N test.
YouTube.
Secret key. Copy this.
And now
we can go to N8N. We can paste this.
Name this
test August 19th.
Oh god.
Test August 19th.
We can save this, and now the
connection's done. Okay, that's how you
connect your OpenAI to N8N.
Um and now for the model itself, you
want to connect this to a text embedding
three small. It doesn't really matter.
Um just do this one. This is the fastest
and uh probably the most efficient for
now.
And this is the thing again that's going
to take the file, turn it into numbers,
to then add it to the database. And now,
for us to actually add a document, we
have to do the default data loader. So,
loads data from previous steps into the
workflow. So, let me go here. I can
press this.
>> [music]
>> And in this case, we don't want to do
JSON, but I mentioned before that we
want to do it as a binary, which means
that it's asking us what is that type of
file? What is the type of input that we
give you? In this case, it's binary. So,
load all data input. Yes, that's fine.
Automatic detect my own data.
Yes, that's fine.
And simple is fine. That's all good.
Is there anything else that we want? No,
that's it. Okay, so in this case, data
format automatically detected my data.
Text splitting is simple, and that's all
we have to do. Now, this right here just
means it splits every 1,000 characters
within a 200 character overlap. So,
before if you saw, the PDF was actually
stored into 10 different rows, 11
different rows. It's because it actually
split it up. So,
this right here is used. Then it goes
here to embeddings, turns the file into
the embedding, and then in order for us
to actually store the document, we have
to use this one right here.
So, let's test this. Let's test this one
right here. Let me go to unpin this.
Let me go to Google Drive.
Let me just
>> [music]
>> re-put another one.
SOPs.
Replace.
That's replacing the file. I can go back
to N8N.
And now if I execute the workflow,
it should work. Let me go here,
downloads the file.
It goes here.
Okay, everything was successful. And if
I go to N8N YouTube agent, I can see
that the data was stored here. And the
data has the ID, which is just the rows,
right? Every new Every new Every new
Every new entry is one.
And then content, which is this, which
is a bunch of text. Metadata, which is
JSON,
which is a bunch of stuff as well.
Embedding, which is again the thing that
I mentioned,
which is different numbers. These are
the vectors, which might look a bit
intimidating at the start, uh but these
are the series of numbers that we have
that are stored in the vector database,
which is the thing that's going to allow
us to actually ask it questions.
All right, so once this is done, we have
to to here, and we can get on to the
second agent because the second agent is
what the real sauce is about because we
can actually ask it any questions about
the document.
So,
we can keep this on the same workflow.
So, let me save this.
Right here we have uploaded document,
downloaded and then added it to the
database. Now, we can start by actually
querying the Superbase. So, for us to
actually create a Superbase, if you
really think about it, we have to text
the agent. In order for us to make a
text agent, we have to just have to add
an AI agent.
Which will
go here and then we just have to connect
it to a chat trigger. Which means
that we have a chat connected to the
agent. So, we can talk to the agent.
All right. So, there's a few things. Uh
the chat agent, so this right here,
I can just talk to it.
Right? And it will send the information
and it will send it here. It will do
whatever.
And then we have the AI agent. In the AI
agent,
the source or prompt, meaning what is
the input? In this case, it's just
connected to the chat trigger node
because this is the chat trigger node.
We can leave this as is. The prompt is
fine. Uh require specific output format?
No, we don't. And now it's asking us to
do a system message. So, that's the
thing that you want to add to the AI
agent.
Let me go here, expressions. I can do it
full screen. And now I can start adding
the prompt. Now, for the prompt itself,
we usually use a structure, which is
overview,
tools,
and then rules.
Right? For overview, we can say, "You
are a
helpful, intelligent
uh information
extracting
I don't even know if that makes sense,
but extracting assistant that helps me
to
answer or
that answers
any queries
that come to you."
Okay, that's fine. For the tools itself,
um we have to add.
And then for the rules, we can add as
well later. So, overview, you're a
helpful, intelligent information
extracting assistant answers my any
queries that come to you. And then
tools, we can add the tool. In this
case, we only have one, which is
getting the uh Superbase for the vector
database. And then we have the rules.
If I go here,
we can now connect this to a chat model,
which in this case we can do Open AI.
You can't see it right now cuz my face
is there, but Open AI chat model is
here. You can press this. And now again,
we already connected Open AI to NNN, so
we just have the connection here. In the
model, leave this as 4. from One Minute.
We don't have to connect memory. Well,
actually no, we have to. We can, right?
We can. Uh for simple memory, just so
that it actually remembers the previous
questions that we asked it.
We can leave this as this. This is fine.
And now this is asking, "How many past
interactions does the model receive as
context?"
Five is fine. You can add more if you
want.
In case you're having longer
conversations where it needs to remember
what you said before.
And now for the real sauce of the AI
agent, it's the Superbase. So, if I go
here, Superbase vector store,
you can see that now the tool is this
one here.
So, that's the first Let's rename this
to vector
store.
Rename.
If I go in here, I can then have
different settings. The first setting is
obviously the connection, which we
already made before. Then the operation,
which is what is that thing that we're
doing? In this case, it's retrieving
documents as tool for AI agent, which is
fine.
Again, we previously we had insert
documents.
The description is
You can just leave this as work with
data
from the Superbase
vector database.
Right?
>> [music]
>> And now the table The table is a
database, right? That is the thing that
we just made, this one here. So, if I go
here
and I go to it only gives me one option
because we only have one table,
documents. The limit is fine. Include
metadata.
Actually, I don't
This says, "Number of top results to
fetch the I don't think we need a limit.
I think we can just not have a I not
have one because it can pull any any any
number of results.
Include metadata.
What is this? Whether or not to include
my document metadata. It's fine. All
right. So, now we can connect this to an
embedding because just like we did this
above, we need to embed, which means
that we need to turn our question into
numbers so that it can ask it any
questions on a vector database. So, we
can go here,
embedding. And by the way, you can
connect this to the same one, right? But
to make it less complicated, we just
have our own. Uh so, let's go here,
embedding is Open AI.
Leave this as before, which is fine. And
now this is embedded. So, in theory now,
when we ask any questions, it will go to
the AI agent. It will think through its
its uh its brain, which is the LLM.
It will remember any conversation that
we had, but most importantly, it will
send the information here.
First, it will embed it, so it will turn
it our questions into numbers. It will
then match it up against any numbers
that we have, any vectors that we have
in the vector database. It will then
send us back uh an answer in natural
language, right? Like before, [music]
like I showed you.
Now, one thing I need to finish is the
prompt. So,
let me go here. Let me go here. And now
for the tools, we have vector store.
Very important that you name the tool
the same as the tool that you actually
have.
What I mean by this is like vector store
needs to be the same name as this.
If I rename this to something else,
like vector store, make sure to update
that into the prompt.
Especially when you have more tools.
So, vector store,
this will always
be used when
answering
any questions
that the user
might have.
Now, rules. The only rule I have is
Actually, I have two rules. The first
one is you must always
pull
information
from this from the vector store.
That's it. And then your answers
need to be concise and to the point.
Uh okay. So, why do I say this will
always be used? Because previously when
I actually made the
this agent, uh I was asking it a
question. It was using like the natural
LLM to actually answer it, like what it
what is a project management tool that
we're using? It would use the LLM to
search in the internet or search through
like its own its own storage. But in
this case, we only wanted to pull
information from the vector store. Okay,
that's why we're saying this. And then
we always we always want the answer to
be concise cuz I don't want it to give
me a full paragraph um
or a long long paragraph that we can't
read.
All right. So, I think that's it. Now,
we can test this and if it goes wrong,
we can
we can obviously change it. So, let me
go here.
Let me say Let me go here. Let me
>> [music]
>> get something specific.
What are the things that are included in
the
content production? [music]
That's it.
And it should say video, social media,
copywriting.
Let me go. What is included
in our
content production?
So, what it's doing now, it's it's going
to embed our answer. It's then going to
query with the vector database,
give us back an answer. And now it says
that we have video production, social
media, and copywriting. And if I go
here, again I can see
video, social media, and copywriting.
So, there we go. Let me ask it another
question. So, let's say I want to ask
it,
"What is inside content I mean, the
social media?"
So, say, "What is inside
social media?"
What it should say now is that we have
content calendar managed in Notion, post
schedule one a week.
Content calendar is managed in Notion,
post schedule once a week. As I said,
this is insane, especially if you have
hundreds and hundreds of documents
inside the vector database, which allow
you to pull information from these uh
documents in in a matter of seconds. Cuz
typically when I work with agencies,
especially creative agencies or any
other type of agencies, we work with a
lot of them, they store their SOPs into
a Google document, into multiple Google
documents with tabs. And in order for
them to actually ask any questions about
the actual document, they have
In this case, we just have a chat
AI agent
queries itself and then gives us back an
answer in very, very simple way in just
seconds. So, that right there is a full
build for the rag agent inside of NNN
that allows us to search through
hundreds of documents that we have. In
this case, I only used one, but imagine
you can add multiple hundreds of
documents inside a Google Drive, which
will pull it into the vector database
and then you can just ask it any
questions that we want.
Hey, in this video I'm going to show you
how I built an AI support agent for an
e-commerce store that automatically
pulls in queries, classifies the query,
then searches through our vector
database for answers, drafts an email
reply before learning our team to review
the email and send it. Now, for
businesses who receive a large amount of
emails from customers asking questions,
at least 90% of them are the same. These
systems are amazing just because they
save that time that you can now devote
to actually growing the business. All
right. So, I'm actually going to test it
before I even explain exactly what
everything does, just so you get to see
the final outcome. So, I'm going to send
myself an email saying,
"Question
about the return policy."
>> [music]
>> All right. So, I asked it the return
policy plus the shipping location.
Uh I'm going to say, "Thanks in
advance."
And you press send.
Now, this right here will send it to the
base email. So, this will be in theory
the email that receives all the incoming
queries from my customers.
As you can see, we just got the email. I
go here. I want to execute the workflow.
So, this is going to run.
It's then going to classify the email.
It's going to then pull the answer from
the vector database.
It's going to drop an email.
And then it's going to send us a message
on Telegram informing us that a new
inquiry came through. We have to review
it and actually send the email. As you
can see in Telegram, it says new inquiry
received from the name.
About is the question of the actual the
subject line. And then the action is
email drafted to your email. So, they
know exactly that they have to go to the
email and actually look at the email
before sending it.
And if I go to my email here, I can see
that on drafts, I have one new draft.
You can see that we have the return
policy. We have the shipping locations
and James at Novel Mart customer service
team. All right, perfect. All right,
cool. So, let's go through the whole
process step by step. Now, you have an
idea of what it actually does. Takes
emails or takes emails with questions
and then looks through our vector
database, which is a database that has
different
the different documents and then sends
back an email reply and then informs the
team [music] to then go in drafts and
actually send it to the customer. All
right, so the first step here is
actually incoming emails. So this will
be the trigger on any incoming emails
that come through. In this case, we have
an inbox and for any businesses really,
they have inboxes like
a company name support.com and that's
the inbox that they use to answer any
incoming FAQs. So we will have this and
this will be the domain or the actual
inbox that we use to collect and then
run the automation for the first step.
So in order to connect our Gmail, we
have to go here. Obviously choose the
Gmail trigger.
Create a credential and then you can
sign in with Google and it'll take you
through the whole process. It's very
very easy. Just as a regular sign in
with Google sort of thing. And then it's
asking us for the poll times. The poll
time says, "Hey, we're looking at your
email, but how often do you want us to
go through your email to make sure that
we have all the questions?" In this
case, you can put minute, hour, day,
week, month, every X, custom. But I
think every minute is fine. It depends
on the amount of queries that they get.
So I would ask the business, "Hey, how
many queries do you get a month? How
many queries do you get a day?" If they
say, "Hey, we get about 1,000 a day or
100 a day, whatever it is." Maybe we can
run it every hour or every every 5
minutes, right? But speed speed to lead
and speed to questions is important
because that builds up the brand and it
just makes a part of better impact on
the customer as well. So we can
obviously do every minute, every hour
and what so on. So again, it depends on
on the amount of inquiries that they
get. Then we have the event. So the
event is, "Hey, what has happened?" Like
what is the thing that we're watching
for? In this case, is a message
received. [music]
Which is the only option here, right?
And then simplify, just fine because we
just want to keep it simple with with
the way that the [music] the actual node
is set up.
Once this is done,
right? Which is the again the email
trigger. So I can actually fetch test
event. I believe that we have Yeah, we
don't have any emails anymore.
Let me actually send myself an email so
we can we can test this. 100. Hello.
Hey,
I need to know
the shipping
policy
you have.
I send it. Now I have to wait. Of
course, when you have to run this for a
customer, you have to automatically run
this every 1 minute. But for this case,
we just have to test. So I'm just going
to send it to myself and wait for the
email to come back. As you can see, we
got the email here. I'll go here and I
can fetch test event and we get the
snippet, which is the email body, which
is in this case is, "Hey, I need to know
the shipping policy you have."
And that's the thing that's going to be
sent to the next step to actually
classify whether this is a promotional
thing or an actual FAQ. So,
the next step here, actually before we
get to this point, is we have to set the
variable. Now, why we do this is because
when we look at all these, we can get a
bit overwhelmed and we don't really know
where the where the actual text is. So
we just want to basically make it as
simple as possible for the next steps to
pull in information from Gmail. So we
add in a set node, which you can find
here.
So set on edit field set.
This allows us to just pull in variables
from a list of variables. In this case,
it's just snippet and we call this email
body. And call it whatever we want,
basically. This makes it so much easier
for the next steps to actually pull in
information from Gmail without having to
go through all these different pieces of
information. Once this is done, we go to
classify emails. Now, we have to have
this step because not all emails are
FAQs. Some are promotional, some are
just general emails.
In this case, we just wanted to check
whether they are promotional or support
service. So if I go in here, and this by
the way is text classifier.
Right here, text classifier. This allows
us to classify text based on specific
you know, rules. So you go in here.
Text classifier will be the JSON email
bodies. So let me actually run the
previous steps. Let me go here and pin
so I don't have to rerun the whole
email.
Let me actually execute step.
As you can see, we have, "Hey, I need to
know the shipping policy you have." And
this will be the thing that we then pull
here saying, "Hey, classify this text."
Now, here's where we start adding the
categories. So the category is like,
what are we classifying it for? Like
what are what are the what are the rules
and what is what's the logic here? In
this case, we have promotional, we have
support service. Now, to add a category,
you have to press this button right
here. You can put the name. So in this
case, let's do support service. And then
description is, "Hey, this is the name
of the of the actual rule or the
category. This is the description of
what it is." So in this case, for
promotional, we said marketing offers,
discounts, sales pages, newsletters,
which are typical sort of promotional
emails. And then we have support
service, which is customer inquiries,
troubleshooting, complaints, or help
requests. That's the only two categories
that the classify email node or the text
classifier will take into account. It
needs to look at the the inquiry that
came through from the customer and
classify as to whether they are one or
the other.
Then we have options, a system prompt,
which is basically saying, "Hey, please
classify the emails provided by the user
into one of the following categories."
Categories right here just so it knows
that these are the categories. And use
the provided formatting instructions
below. Don't explain it, only output the
JSON. I believe that this is a standard
prompt. Yeah, it is a standard prompt.
So you can just add this.
But this allows the the actual node to
be more strict in understanding exactly
what it is.
Now, in order for this to actually work,
this doesn't just work on its own. It
works through the AI. So you have to go
here, the model. You have to choose a
model here. And we have all these
models. I typically go for the OpenAI
chat model because it is the
I go for quality plus
plus price. I think this is fine.
Connect it. To connect to your OpenAI,
you just have to go to
platform.openai.com.
Go to the dashboard.
Go to the API keys.
Create a new secret key and then you can
put your name and then create a secret
key and then bring it back here to paste
it. Don't worry about the organization
ID, you don't need it. And as well, this
don't worry about this. One important
thing here is that for a company to run
this, they do have to pay for the
credits, which you find in your profile.
Billing.
And you find it here.
But I obviously would look into how many
inquiries they get and then make the
price based on that. But the price is
like 1/10 of a cent per per run. All
right, and now that we connected AI,
what does happen? So how this works is
we have the email body, which is
incoming emails. It will then go here
saying, "Hey, can you classify this
using AI?" Right? It will have
categories. It will have strict rules.
It will talk to the AI to make sure that
that's how it thinks. That's that's
that's the actual like program.
And then based on the the two different
sides, we have promotional and support
service. In this case, we actually
didn't put anything for promotional. So
if something is promotional, it just
stops there cuz we we don't want to
really do anything with it. We only want
to send it through if it's a support
service. So that's why we drag this
across and we put it to the next node,
which in this case is an AI agent, which
is really the the main source of the
whole system. And so once we classify
the emails, we say, "Hey, okay, this is
an FAQ. This is like actually something
that we can answer. Let's go out and
actually review and draft an email for
the customer using the data that we
have." Now, if you haven't checked out
my AI rag agent system, then make sure
to check it out right here on the top or
below. It'll show you exactly how we set
this up step by step so you get to see
the whole process. But essentially what
it is, it's an AI agent that
gets incoming emails. In this case, it
gets the the inquiry from here, which is
the same input as this. But now we know
that it's support service because we
went through the step. And what it will
do is I will go through a vector
database. Now, a vector database is
something that looks like this, which is
composed of different rows. These rows
come from this document. Cuz we have a
document, which is essentially where all
the information stored. So account
logins, all the different FAQ questions
that people usually ask, which is
typically what a company would have in
the first place. And then now we
basically transform this into vector
database so embeddings, in this case we
call them.
That will allow the the program to
actually take the question that's coming
through, match it up against any of
these embeddings, and then give us back
an answer in the simplest way.
So the way to do this is we have an AI
agent.
Right here, the prompt, which is the
user message. This right here will say,
"Hey, what is the thing that we're
feeding into the AI agent?" In this
case, it's email received, which you can
find from the email body. Right here. So
this right here will be the the from
because when we actually have to draft
the email, we have to know who the email
is coming from and the name as well just
so we can personalize the email plus
send it to the right person. And that's
about it for the user message. In this
case, we don't require any specific
output format. We don't enable any
fallback method. This just means do you
want it in a very in a in a specific
format like JSON or anything like that?
We don't want to do any of that. And
also, do we want to enable a fallback
method? This means that if OpenAI does
not work, do you want to use another AI
to to test? In this case, you could or
could not put this on. I mean, typically
I wouldn't have it on
because the chat model right here works
fine.
But you can have it on even to be more
safe. Now, the system message here is
the system or is the message that we
tell the system, "Okay, you are a
helpful intelligent XYZ that does a few
things." So the prompt for the AI agent
follows through a very very specific
structure that we use for most of the AI
agents that we build. In this case, it
has an overview. So you are a helpful
assistant that answers any inquiries
from our e-commerce store called
Novamart. You'll [music] be drafting
email replies for the incoming queries
that come through. And then tools, this
will be the tools that the AI agent is
connected to. In this case, it's two.
The first one is pulling in information
from the document
that we have, which is the one right
here.
Which now right now is stored in the
vector database in Superbase.
And the second one is the email draft,
right? Because this tool will be used to
draft any emails back to the user to
make sure that they have the
corresponding answers based on the
information that comes from the vector
store. Some rules here is we have to
always use the vector store before
answering any questions and drafting any
emails. This is very very important
because sometimes what the AI could do
is that it can draft the email, but it
will not have any context or any
information that's actually valuable for
the end user to give them an answer. So
it's sort of saying, "Hey, what is the
return policy?" I reply to you first and
then I go out and look for the
information. We have to make the order
actually make sense, which is why we
tell it, "Hey, look for the information
first and then you can go out and draft
the email." And then some extra
information, my name is James. Make sure
to include that when drafting the email
because at the end,
what it did basically in the email it
said, "Hey, thank you. This comes from
at your name." Like bracket at your
name. And then it will put the put the
actual company name. In this case, we
want to put James because again, that's
that's the reality of what emails look
like. They put names instead of just
adding variables. So we give it that
context as well. All right, once this is
done, then we have the chat model. In
this case, we can add here.
Same way as we did before, we can go to
open AI and we have to connect to our
account and use 4.1 mini. Again, this is
perfect perfectly fine for for this use
case. Now, what we have to do is connect
tools. Now, the way that an AI agent
works is that it gets it gets the
inquiry. So, it gets an input like "Hey,
draft an email." or "Hey, look for this
information." or "Do something." and it
will then think through what it needs to
do using its model. And then, to take
action and what it actually needs to do,
it uses tools. So, in this case, because
we have two tools, again one for the
draft and one for the back to database
that actually looks for the information,
we connect these tools to the
corresponding softwares.
>> [music]
>> In this case, to connect to the vector
store, we have to go here. In this case,
well, I mean it's vector store, so
you will have to press plus. Let me see
if I can move this. There you go.
Uh Superbase.
Superbase vector store.
And you come to this page.
Once you get to that page, let me delete
this.
You will be here. The first thing you
have to do is create a new credential.
Again, you should have a service role
secret and a host, which you can find
here. And then, we have this page right
here. The first thing you have to do is
obviously make the account. Then, you
have to make the database and again, I
put a whole video on how to do this down
below, so make sure to check it out. And
now, we have to go back here, go to the
API keys and [music] you can then
reveal, copy the secret and paste it
here and then you can press save and
then you're done.
All right, cool. So, once we are done
with this, we can then use the operation
mode. Again, operation in and its end
just means what is the thing that we
want to do. In this case, it's retrieve
documents.
As tool for AI agent, there's a
different options here.
And now, the description is work with
data inside the vector database to
answer any questions, which is fine. Let
me delete the extra e
>> [music]
>> right here.
Um and then, the table name, which will
be the table here, right here, table
editor.
Yeah, this will be the one that's
containing different information. As you
can see, we have number marked
e-commerce, general information, we have
go to your cart, XYZ, all the different
information that it needs to use in
order to then answer any incoming
queries. Once [music] that's done, we
have the limit. Again, actually I don't
know why I put this to four. Uh this
basically says number of results fetched
from the vector store. I typically
really be blank. Uh in this case, of
course, if you have a really really
large vector database and you don't put
a limit, it will basically use [music]
more credits than if you put a limit on
X amount. Uh so, that's why we add a
limit here.
And then, we include metadata. And then,
we have to put the query name, which is
match underscore documents, which is the
database that we're using. All right,
then we have the embeddings, which are a
way for open AI to take the incoming
query like, "Hey, what's the return
policy?" turn that into numbers so that
it can match them to the embedding.
Again, this will make much more sense
once you see the video uh of mixing the
AI rag agent and the fundamentals behind
what it is. But, in a very simple way is
that text is turned to numbers, numbers
will match numbers to give you an
answer. Um so, to do this, we have to uh
put the embedding, which in this case is
another LLM and we can use open AI.
Connect your open AI and you can leave
the model to text embedding three small.
All right, once the vector store tool is
finished and we now can look for the
information in the vector database, we
can now connect the second tool, which
is the email draft. Because again, the
sequential order goes in the vector
database to find the email to find the
information in this case, sorry, and
then go to the email to then draft the
email to give an answer to the customer.
So, in this case, we have to use an
email draft. We can go here.
Gmail tool.
And you come to this page.
You have to connect your email.
So, it's the same exact process as the
one before. Create a new credential and
then you can sign in with Google.
And then, you have to use the tool
description. So, the tool description,
you can set automatically. The resource,
which would be uh what is the thing
we're doing? In this case, it's not
label, it's not message, it's not layer,
it's draft. And then, the action that
we're taking is we're creating a draft.
And the subject line, something good at
n8n has is that we can actually let the
AI define this define this parameter,
which is the subject line of the email.
And then, the email type, which would be
text. Then, we have the message, which
is the email body. And we can also press
the button right here, which will let
the model define this parameter, which
is amazing because you don't have to do
anything. And also, on top of that, we
also have to send the email to someone.
So, we have to press to add option,
[music] to email, so whoever you're
sending the email to.
And then, the info example.com will be
replaced by the email that we mentioned
that we're giving the AI agent to take
action. So, we can just press this and
now the AI will already have be smart
enough to be able to think about who are
we sending the email to based on the
input that it was given. All right.
[music]
So, let's put this to test. Let's see
how it actually works.
Um I think we can just I think we can
just test this.
Yeah. Let me go here. I'm going to press
this button right here, which just test
this right here. It will classify it.
We'll say it's a poor service. Now, what
it will do is it will look through the
vector store. But again, first of all,
the first step is it will think through
its memory or its LLM um its brain to
then think about what it needs to do.
So, the first step is finished.
And then, the second step is drafting an
email. And then, it goes back and it
thinks through and before it gets to the
next steps, which is Telegram in this
case. But, before we get to that, let's
look at the draft of the email. Let me
go here.
Go to drafts.
Refresh.
And the shipping policy tells me all of
this. Now, one thing we want to change
ideally is maybe the size of the length
of the email. I think this is pretty
long. Uh so, to do that, to make any
changes, you can go here. And then, the
rules
uh
make the email
draft
a medium length
keeping
it concise [music]
with a good structure.
So, let me test this again. Let's see if
anything changed. And this is how you
usually go about iterating and and
making sure that the AI agent does what
you want it to do in the in the best way
possible. Now, if we go back here, you
can see that we made another email,
which is more structured.
Maybe the size isn't it's not shorter,
but the structure is better, I'd say.
So, now we can say
and we can leave this as this, to be
honest. If I was a if I was a customer,
I would want some sort of answer like
this.
That would give me the best information
with all the prices and stuff.
Cool. All right. Um
and again, all the information comes
here. So, the shipping policy and
options comes from here, which it pulls
the information from. All right, now
once this is done, we can then go to the
last step, which is basically informing
the team. Now, why do we do this? It's
because the email, again, you saw it
wasn't it wasn't sent to the customer.
It was drafted. We have to notify
someone that they have to go to the
inbox and actually send the email to the
customer if they like it. So, that's
where the last step is Telegram, which
is send a text message, which you can
find right here.
Telegram.
Send a text message right here. And
then, to connect it,
you have to create a new credential.
You have to get the access token.
If I go to ask AI, start a new session,
now this will tell me the step-by-step.
And I recommend you guys always use this
sort of feature when you're not really
sure as to how to do it uh cuz it is
better than ChatGPT because what this
does is that it actually looks at the
n8n community, it looks at the different
questions and it will give you a
step-by-step as to how to do it. So, the
first step is start a chat with the bot
father and then you do different steps
until you get the actual
access token. All right, so once you
connect to your Telegram, you can go
here. The resource again is message
because
we're not drafting or chat or fallback
or file, we're just sending a simple
message.
The operation is what is the action that
you're taking? In this case, we're
sending a message. The chat ID is
something that you can actually take
um so, let me let me show you. Let me
execute the step.
Right here. So, executed the step. Now,
if I go to Telegram, I should see the
message. Let me show you. Right here. I
just got another message
at 3:50.
And now, in theory, this will give me a
chat ID. So, if I go here, chat ID,
this is the chat ID that will be used to
then send the
the text to. This is great because the
chat ID allows it to give us [music] the
the answers in the same thread of
information or or or conversation in
this case. All right, and now once this
is done, we have the chat ID. Now, we
have to put the text. So, what is the
thing that we're putting in the message?
Well, in this case, I thought that it'd
be good to add new inquiry received from
the name of the person and also the
about, which is the subject line.
Uh you could in theory change this and
add more stuff, but I thought that this
would be the most relevant to have for
this agent uh as a text message. Um
So, we have new inquiry received from
name about subject line here. And then,
the action is says email drafted to your
email. So, again, if you saw on Telegram
that the message itself was email
drafted, go to the email informing
someone they know the name, they know
the about, like the actual question and
they can then go and send the email.
Hey, I'm about to build a live invoicing
parsing system right in front of you
that grabs invoices from a Google Drive,
uses AI to extract all the key data,
stores it in a Google Sheet before
sending an email to our billing team
once it's done. Now, this kind of system
can actually save companies hundreds of
hours of processing documents. In this
case, it's invoices, which they can now
devote to actually growing the business.
So, today I'm going to build the whole
system from scratch using a platform
called n8n. I'm going to show you all
the mistakes, all the details I make
that you get to see what an actual
development process for a real client
project actually looks like. so this
right here is the n8n workflow that
we're going to work with. Uh we start
with a Google Drive. So, in this case, I
go to my Google Drive, I drop in an
invoice that I have, one of the hundreds
that I have right now. I go to the
invoice, I can see that I have different
fields in the invoice. Company name, uh
address, email, line item, price,
currency, payment method, invoice
number, date, and status, right? So,
these are different fields that I have
within the invoice. If I go here to the
first Google Drive, I'm here to execute
the workflow.
What this will do is it will take the
invoice that we just gave it. It will
then extract the text from the invoice.
It will give it to an AI, which will
extract different variables that we need
from the invoice like client name,
address, all that sort of stuff. It adds
it to a Google Sheet database. It then
drafts an AI so, drafts an email using
AI and then sends it to us as well. If I
go to my Google Sheet database, I can
see that now the invoice is parsed. So,
the different variables have been
extracted. If I go to my email right
here, I can see that I got an email
saying, "Dear billing team, you have
received a new invoice." and it gives
you the different details. It says the
system has added the fields in the
Google Sheet database, which you can
also view here. If I go here, takes me
to the Google Sheet database with all
the line items there. All right, so that
right there is for the system we're
going to build from scratch. Again, I'm
going to start from zero, completely
zero. So, I'm going to show you the
whole development process. Let me go to
a new
a new workflow right here. We can start
from scratch.
The first thing we have to do is
actually map out the process of the
automation on a platform called Miro.
You can use any other platform for this.
Um, but I like using Miro uh because it
is very very easy. All right, so the
first part or the first The thought
process here is we have a bunch of
invoices, then we have to So, let's do
invoices.
Then we have to basically extract the
text or extract different variables.
Extract variables
from invoice. And by variables, we mean
client name, client address, all that
sort of stuff.
And then we want to add it
to a database. When someone says
database, they just mean a Google Sheet
or an Airtable, Notion, ClickUp,
whatever it is.
And then after we add it to the
database, we want to send an email. So,
send email
to billing team
confirming
invoice.
All right. I mean, it is a four-step
process. As you saw, it was more than
four steps just because of the way that
we had to set up. Uh, but this is
fundamentally what it is that we're
doing, right? We're watching new
invoices from somewhere. We're
extracting the variables. We're saying,
"Hey, okay, what is the client name?
What is the client address? What is the
price? What is the currency?" All that
sort of stuff. And then we're adding it
to a database. And then we're sending
the billing team We're sending an email
to the billing team confirming the
invoice. Now, typically when I do
something like this, I will think
through how to structure it. So, the
first step is invoices. As you saw, we
used the Google Drive because that is
the easiest to get started with. So, we
can say watch invoices
from Google Drive.
And what this could look like is we run
the automation maybe once a day or once
an once a minute uh every minute, I
mean, every hour or every week, and we
watch new invoices that have been added
so that we It's a continuous thing.
Uh, and that's always good because we
don't want to have a system where there
has to be a manual step of running the
automation every single time. We want it
to be automatic so that they can just
drop invoices and every so often it
takes invoices and then does the whole
process. Uh, then extract the variables
from the invoice,
add it to a database, uh in this case,
Google Sheet, add variables
to Google Sheet.
And then send the email to the billing
team confirming the invoice. All right,
so the first step is Google Drive. So,
what is the first step is always the
trigger. So, what is the thing that
actually starts the automation? In this
case, every new client that has or every
new file that has been added every new
invoice that has been added every so
often will be the thing that starts the
automation.
Um, so if I go to Google Drive
and I go to on changes to a specific
folder because we're adding
invoices to a folder,
I can see that the change that we want
to make is actually when a file has been
created, when a file has been added. Um,
so first The first thing you have to do
is go here,
create a credential, and you have to um
connect your Google Drive to an N
Now, I'm not going to dive into this
whole process right now, but I actually
made a full step-by-step video on how
you can do it within less than 5
minutes. Uh, you can check it out on the
screen right now. Uh, but once you
connect to your Google Drive, you'll
have a connection right here, which is
good. The poll time is just means how
many times or how often do you want to
run the Google Drive? In this case, it
can be every minute. Then the trigger on
just means what do you want the trigger
to be? Do you want it to be just changes
involving a specific folder or a file?
In this case, it will be a folder
because we need a folder to include the
invoices in. And then we have to make
the folder. So, let's go to Google
Drive. I can go here.
I can make a new folder.
I can call it invoices test
YouTube. Create.
And now this created a folder, which I
can find here.
Now, this is a place where we're going
to store all the invoices to be
processed every every so often. Uh,
okay, cool. So, now uh obviously make
sure that your connection is correct. In
this case, it actually should be James
Solutions, not the killer connection.
It's a different uh account. And the
folder in this case is invoices test
YouTube. So, invoices test YouTube.
Okay, and then it says, "What are we
watching for?"
In this case, we're watching for a file
to be created, updated, created, uh
folder created, folder updated, watch
folder updated. Well, in this case, we
want to do when a folder is created
within a folder. So, when a file is
created within a folder. So, in this
case, it'll be when a file is created in
the watched folder, which is this folder
right here.
So, let me go here. We do file created.
So, now this watches every new file that
has been added. So, let's try it out.
Let's test because part of automation is
testing. I'm going to have an invoice
that I have right now. So, that you can
drop your invoices here.
And I'm going to test if uh now that I
add it here, if I execute workflow. So,
in this case, if I fetch test event,
I'll create it.
Will this catch the invoice that has
been added? Well, in this case, yes. So,
this is the output. If I scroll all the
way down, I can actually find the link,
which is the web view link, of the
invoice that has been added, which is
correct, which is the same one that has
been added here because it basically
caught all the files from there that has
been added. It only one. All right,
perfect. So, we know it works. Um, so
the first step is done. Right right here
is finished.
We watched invoices from Google Drive.
That's good.
Now, the next step is to extract
text from a file. So, let me go here.
Extract from file. Extract from PDF
because the invoices itself are on PDF
version.
So, it depends what kind of PDF or kind
of file you have. Now, here says extract
from PDF, which is the thing that we
have to do uh because that's the action
that we're doing. But then it says the
input. So, the thing that's going in to
this node right here, which extract text
from PDFs, has to be in a form of
binary.
>> [music]
>> Now, in order for us to get the file to
be added here, we have to do an
additional step, which is actually
downloading the file to then be adding
it to the to this node right here
because it only likes binary format, and
the only way to get binary format is to
download the file. So, if I go here to
Google Drive,
I can now download a file. Press it down
right here. Make sure you have the right
connection.
File download, that's fine.
Uh, and now we want to actually do it by
the ID
because if you do it by the list, then
you only have access to one file. We
don't want to keep downloading the same
file. We want to change the file that
we're downloading. So, the file itself
will have an ID that's unique. So, if we
map the ID, if we put the ID that's
different every single time, it will
download every single file differently,
which is exactly what we need.
I'll go here. I can put ID.
You can find the ID. And now the ID will
actually be here.
It always It usually starts with one uh
Y. You can see here ID. Um, one Y,
whatever. So, this will be the one that
we map to be added here to be able to
download it. Now, if I just execute the
step, I can now see that I got binary
format data, which is the thing that we
need in order to add it to the next
step. And this is the data we got. Okay?
So, you always need that additional step
when you're actually doing something
with Google Drive folder. It's usually
downloading it and then turning it into
a binary format when you have to do
something with it.
Now, in this case, um the input binary
format field is fine, data, because this
is equal to data. So, that's fine. We
can execute the step. We're actually
testing.
As you can see here, there's a lot of
fields. The one we really care about is
text right here,
which gives me the
company name, invoice number, customer
name, date, company name, all that sort
of stuff that we need in order to
actually split it up and add it to the
Google Sheet. So, the next step is
actually extracting the variables within
the text. Because there's a block of
text, how do we split it up so we get
the customer ID, the customer name, the
email, the address, all that sort of
stuff that we actually need in order to
add it to the Google Sheet. Well, in
this case, you can press plus.
We have to go to information extractor.
Now, what this does is that it receives
text to the actual thing. It then thinks
through what the text is about. And then
based on the descriptions of the line
items or variables that we tell it to to
give us, it will then split up the text
so it gives us the the customer name,
the address, the the invoice ID, all
that sort of stuff that we need. Um,
okay. So, the text here will be the text
from the previous step. So, I can
look across right here. And again, you
can also see the result, which is
something that N8N actually does really
well. Uh, you can see the output before
you can test.
The schema type will be from attribute
descriptions. Don't worry about this.
You can leave it as as it is. And now we
have to add attributes. So, attributes
just means what is that thing that we
want to extract from the text? In
[music] this case, there's a few things.
So, if I go here and I look at the
invoice,
again, this will be different for sort
of every company. It's sort of similar.
You still have the price, the invoice
number, all that sort of stuff. Uh, but
sometimes we do have something called
statuses or payment methods um
that we want to account for. In this
case, it would be com- customer name.
So, we can do
customer name.
This is the name of the customer.
So, right here it's asking us what type
of output is it? Is it a string? Is it a
Boolean, which is true or false? Is it
date? Is it a number? In this case, a
string is just text, like the normal
version. So, leave it as it is. And then
description is us giving it a
description so it actually helps it in
thinking what is the customer name um
and so on. And then we can put it
required. So, it needs to give us the
output.
Then we have uh from here company name,
address, and email.
So, company
name.
This is the name of the company.
Required.
Email.
This is the email of the customer.
Address as well.
So, address.
This is the address
of the customer.
Required. Then we have invoice number,
date, and status.
Invoice number.
Date.
Status.
Invoice number is this is the
number of the invoice.
Required. Now, this right here for date,
we can actually turn it into a date
format. Um, we say this is the date of
the invoice.
Required.
And then status will be this is the
status
of the payment. Required.
And then we have
line items. So, line items, this is like
the description of the payment, the
price, and payment method.
Price and payment method. Uh, line item.
This is the line item of the invoice.
Price.
The total amount.
This is
total amount
of the invoice.
And then payment method.
This is the payment method
of the
invoice. All right, so I just finished
filling out all the forms. Uh all the
details in the in the actual invoice. We
have customer name, we have a company
name, we have email, we have address, we
have invoice number, we have date. And
again, we turn this to date because it
is a date format. Um [music] status,
line item, total amount, payment method,
and so on. Okay? All right, now what we
have to do here is we have to do two
things. The first thing is to give it a
system prompt template. In this case,
it's you are an expert extraction
algorithm. You only extract relevant
information from the text. If you do not
know the value of the an attribution
asked to extract, um you may omit the
attribute's value. I think this is
pretty good. I think we don't need to
give it any more context. Now, one more
thing we have to do it because this is
not run on its own. This runs through
AI. So, we have to connect a model to
it. So, if I press here,
I have a list of models that I can
choose. In this case, I'm choosing Open
AI chat model.
And I will come to this page. The way to
connect your Open AI to N 8 N, you can
go here,
create a new credential. You can go to
platform to Open AI because you have to
get an API key.
Dashboard,
API key,
create a new secret key, name it. So,
you can do invoice system.
Create a secret key.
You can copy this,
go back,
paste it here,
and then name this whatever it is. So,
5th September
connection. Save it. And now you will
have your Open AI connected to N 8 N.
Bear in mind that this is not free as in
you still have to pay for this in a
sense. So, you go to your profile and
you go to billing.
You have to add $5 because we're using
API credits and API credits cost money.
Uh but it's very very minimal as in I
think I used $5 in 6 months. Um and I
was using it quite a bit. So, obviously
it depends what you use it for as well.
But, it's relatively cheap. So, you can
add $5 and you'll have that last you for
a while. All right, so now that we have
that, the model can be 4.1 mini. It's
good, good quality, and good speed.
We can actually extract this. So, let me
run this.
This uses the previous steps to test
only this step. I go here, I can see
that I extracted uh the customer name,
the company name, the email, the
address, the invoice number, date,
status, line item, total amount, and
payment method, which is amazing.
Which is exactly what we need. Perfect.
All right, the next step. So, we did
this.
Done. The next step is actually to add
it to the sheet. So, if I go here, I
actually made the sheet. So, the
variables that I have,
uh let me just fill this out so you can
see. Go right here.
I have invoice number, client name,
client email, address, description,
total amount, invoice date, status, and
payment method. Now, this is right here
is just a way for us to actually store
the invoice uh cuz there has to be some
place for us to store all the
information. Um typically a company
they probably wouldn't have cool sheets.
They would have maybe a Notion, uh maybe
some sort of custom software they have.
Or but they always have a database,
right? They always have a place where
they actually have to store information.
So, this is what we're going to use.
Let's name this invoice
uh system.
N 8 N YouTube.
And now if I go back here to
uh here, I have to add a next step,
which is add the invoice to the Google
Sheet. So, if I go here, I can go to
action and app. Sheet, Google Sheets.
And then I can a append a row in a
sheet, which means add a row.
Connect your account. All you have to do
is create a new credential. You don't
have to do the same thing you did for
Google Drive. You can just sign in with
Google, which will take you to a page
like this. Choose your account.
Continue.
And then it's successful.
And you go back
and name it whatever you want.
Press save.
All right, now that you connected your
Google Sheets, uh it is going to be a
sheet within a document. You want to
append a row because operation again is
a thing that you're actually doing. And
then we want to look for invoice system
N 8 N YouTube, which is the first one
that comes up. The sheet will be sheet
one because again, this right here sheet
one.
And now we want to be able to map the
fields. So, mapping just means that you
have different columns. You want to add
the variables for each column to make
sure that when we run the automation,
they actually show up. Um so, it would
be invoice number,
which is invoice number.
Client name,
so customer name.
Client email, so email.
Address,
address.
Description,
and in this case it's line item.
Total amount is this.
Invoice date, it's here.
Status
is here. Payment method is right here.
I believe that's it. Do we have to do
anything else? No, that's all good. Um
okay, so let's test this. Let me execute
step.
Now it's running. If I go here, I can
see that the first run did well. Uh we
have the line items, we have invoice
109, Lucas Martin, the email, address,
description, total amount, invoice date,
status, and payment method. Let me just
freeze this row right here.
So, when I go here, it doesn't I doesn't
actually take it with it.
And the next step is finished, so this
can go green.
You see how I'm just checking things off
as I actually do this because it is a
whole process. I'm planning it out. And
now the last one is to send an email to
the billing team confirming the invoice.
So,
the next step is using AI because to
send an email to the billing team,
you typically want to use AI uh
depending on the the email, of course.
Um but in this case, we want to let AI
actually do the email and we just um set
up the email the Gmail after. So, let's
add plus.
Let's do AI.
Let's look for an Open AI node, which
just means hey, we're talking to a GPT
like can you do this and it gives us the
output. We are messaging model.
Uh the again, the way to connect your
Open AI, I showed it before. Uh go to
get the API key. And it's the same exact
connection. If you connected it before,
you'll have it here. The resource is
text. Operation is messaging model
because that's the action that we're
doing. The model will be let's do 4.1
mini. I think that's [music] more than
good.
That's fine. And the prompt is
going to be first a system, right? And
then we're going to have a user prompt.
So, the system prompt, I'm going to copy
it from the other automation. I go here.
It will be you are an email expert for
JM Media named Jenny. You receive
invoice information. Your job is to
notify the internal billing team that an
invoice was received or sent. In the
email, make sure that to include the
system that has been added to the
fields. So, you say okay. So, in the
actual email itself,
we want to give them a
this right here. So, anyone with the
link,
copy the link.
We want to give them access to the
Google Sheet
because I want them to actually have
access to it if they want to look at it.
Uh they get a notification saying here
everything's good. By the way, if you
want to look into this further, you can
obviously look at it in the Google
Sheet. Your output should be in the
following JSON format. Uh so, we tell it
this because
when we want to make an email, the email
is composed of two different things.
It's composed of a subject line and it's
composed of a email body. In this case,
because they're both custom, we want
them to split into two different
variables. So, that's why we use JSON to
then split the email body and the
subject line.
And the rules is don't use any markdown
formatting uh because Gmail does not
like any markdown. It doesn't actually
recognize it. And then it actually
recognizes HTML, which I'll speak about
in just a second what it is. Uh so, we
use we tell it that. We say hey, talk to
talk talk in the way that Gmail actually
likes that you're talking to. Um and
that's fine. Now, the user prompt is
going to be this. User prompt is going
to be the variables.
So, in this case, we need to add all the
different variables so it can be invoice
number. I'm going to cut to me actually
finishing this cuz it's going to take a
while. All right, so we have invoice
number, client name, email, total
amount, and invoice date. Now, we can
map this. So, invoice number right here.
Client name right here.
Uh email,
total amount, and invoice date.
Yeah, let me do status as well.
And we can also add payment method at
this point.
Cool.
All right, so that is the input that we
give it. So, we say hey, you would do
XYZ, and here's the input that you have
to do this thing for, and just give me
the both the emails, okay?
Now, one more thing we have to do here
is actually turning this on. The output
content is JSON because we actually told
the AI give me JSON. So, we want it to
actually officially say hey, the output
should be JSON yes or yes. Um and we
don't want it to error out. So, that's
good.
Now, let's execute the step, which is
basically testing.
It will use the previous variables.
Now, it will give us the email. So, the
email is all in a weird format. This is
the format that Gmail likes when you
give emails. So, don't worry about this
too much, but worry about the fact that
you got the subject line right here, and
you got the email body as two different
variables right here.
Then we can then use to actually send
the email. So, if I go here, I'm done
with the AI part,
which is
well, I mean I guess it's part of this.
I can go to Gmail,
send a message.
To connect your Gmail to N 8 N, you can
go here, sign in with Google, and then
you can take go through the same process
that you went through Google Sheets.
Close.
And it's the three things that we have
to fill out. The first one is message uh
or resource. It's a message. Operation,
which is what are we doing? We're
sending the message. Uh who are we
sending the email to? In this case,
let's do my email.
The subject line will be the one here.
So, we just drag it across. We can see
even the output before we even test,
which is again amazing. And then the
message itself or the email type in this
case, which is where we add HTML. We
have two of two options. So, we say
okay, we're sending the email to
someone.
How do we want to send it to them? Do
you want to just text or do you want to
put HTML?
HTML is just the way that you make your
emails look pretty. You know when you
guys get emails that look nice, they
have formatting, they have headers, they
have all that stuff. That is because
you're using HTML. So, we kind of want
to do that,
which is why we use HTML. And that's
what we tell the AI to output it as
HTML, uh which is good. So, the message
in this case would be the email body,
which is the one here. We just drag it
across.
And one thing more that we have to do is
we want to take this off. So, append N 8
N attribution, which is basically a way
for N 8 N to market themselves in a way.
Um so, when you send an email to
someone, if you don't turn this off, it
will say this was sent by N 8 N. So, we
take this off just because it's more, I
guess, professional, uh more clean. It
looks like it actually came from a real
person, even though we all know it's
not, uh especially when you're doing 100
invoices a day, but that's fine. Now, we
get it to execute the step, so we're
testing this.
And if I go to my email,
I can see now, I refresh,
that I got an email, um with all the
details.
Right? And this is how we managed to
make these look nice, bold, and actually
even have a
sort of an embedded link. We can just
press here, and it will take us to the
sheet that we have. All right, so now
let's test it from scratch with another
invoice, from zero.
Let me go to my Google Drive.
Let me
do this.
Not delete this. Actually, I can just
send a new one. The new one, let's do
random one here. Let me see what the
name of the person is.
Isabella Moore.
And now if I go here to N 8 N, I can run
this.
Now, this will do is it will take the
file that has been created, it will
extract the text, it will then go here
to the information extractor, it will
add it to the Google Sheet, it will then
think through AI to make the email that
will be sent to us on Gmail, and we'll
have everything there. If I go here, I
can see that I have Isabella Moore with
the email, with the address, the
description, with the total amount, with
invoice date, status, and payment
method. If I go to my email as well, I
can see that now I also have a
notification, dear billing team, we have
received the invoice uh from Isabella
Moore, and we have all the different
things that we have here, Jenny, with no
N 8 N attribution, with no hey, this was
sent by N 8 N. And now I also have the
link right here, which takes me again to
the Google Sheet with all the
information here.
Hey, so in this video I'm going to build
a human in the loop AI sales agent live
in front of you that takes in lead form
submissions, it adds it to your CRM, it
drafts a sales email, it routes it to
your team for feedback, and
automatically revises it until it's
ready to send. So, today I'm going to
build the entire system from scratch in
N 8 N. I'm going to walk you through my
whole thought process, the whole
detours, the the mistakes I make, and
everything that I go through, so you get
to see what an actual development
process looks like when you're building
automations. So, this is the automation
we're going to build. It's built on N 8
N, and it all starts with the lead form
submission. And this is typically what
the the client or the lead, whatever it
is, they actually fill out to start the
automation. That's the trigger. Then we
add it to our CRM, which is in Google
Sheets. Then we talk to our sales agent,
which will draft an email, a sales
email, that will be sent to us first.
So, this is the human in the loop
element. It will send it to us, we'll
revise it, give feedback. If the
feedback is negative, it will send it to
another AI agent to revise, to make the
feedback, make the changes based on what
we told it, send it back, and do the
whole repetitive loop until it's
positive. And once we approve the email,
it will then send it to the customer.
Okay? So, let me show you exactly how it
works from the start until the end. When
I execute the workflow, which will run
the automation once, I'm going to go
here, and now I'm going to start filling
it up. So, my name
company name will be Jim's Solutions.
Budget can be 1.5.
Project description, we are
looking to generate
leads
for our real estate
business.
And the timeline can be 1 to 3 weeks.
When we press submit here, this will
trigger the automation. So, the form is
itself, that's what the customer will
do. It will send it to the first agent
to check against projects that we've
done before, to actually incorporate
results and testimonials into the email.
It will then send it to us. So, the next
step we have to do is go to our email,
go to this email right here, action
required, new lead budget of 1.1 to 5.
Um and this is what their internal team
in the company is going to look at.
They're going to look at the email,
they're going to respond. So, this is a
place where you get to give feedback for
the email. So, hey, thanks for reaching
out. You told me 1 to 3 weeks. We
recently helped another client. So, see
how it incorporates testimonials here.
Then it says, are you available for a
15-minute call this week or something?
Okay, let me ask let me tell it, don't
ask a question at the end.
Just
say or just ask a few times
and I'll just ask to provide
a few times
that work for them
next week.
Right? And this is the feedback that I'm
going to give
I'm going to press submit. Go back here.
You see how now it routes it to the
denied path because we denied the actual
email. We said, hey, make changes, it's
not good. It will now send it back to
us. If we go here to my email,
I'll have another email here which I can
go through. I can respond.
And here as we can see,
it changed the email based on the
feedback that we gave it. So, please
share a few times that work for you.
So, I'm going to say, okay.
Looks good.
I submit
and now because it's positive, it will
send it to the actual customer.
Uh or the lead. So, I'm going to go
here, and now since I'm the lead itself,
I'm going to get an email
saying lead generation results for your
real estate business. And I get a whole
customized email for me. Now, that's
what there is the automation that we're
going to build step by step, and the
application of this on a business side
is that a lot of customers or a lot of
companies, they have a lot of forms on
the websites, but the whole process from
when the lead fills out the form to when
they are replied to, and so on, is a
very manual process for companies. And
what we're doing here is not only saving
that time for the company to be able to
reply to those emails automatically, but
actually making it custom, and also
incorporating our feedback into the
whole process as well. Right? And that's
exactly what we're doing. All right,
cool. So, I want to start from scratch,
and I'm going to go to a new workflow,
personal,
and test builds.
Create a workflow. Okay, and we're going
to start here. And before we get to the
actual build and actually putting any
steps into it, I usually like to map out
the automation, what it looks like. It's
sort of like a plan I have uh before I
get to the actual build. So, it all
starts with the form. So, the first
um the first place is form, and I add a
sticky note saying what kind of things
we want on the form. In this case, it's
name, uh email,
what was it? Uh income? No, budget.
Intent,
timeline,
and project description.
Okay, so that's what we want in the
email. Then on the form, or after the
form, we ideally want to make sure that
we add it to the CRM.
So,
add responses
to CRM. And the CRM can be Sheets, can
be ClickUp, it can be Asana, whatever
you have,
uh or HubSpot, and then you can then,
after we add it to the CRM, talk to the
first agent.
So, first agent
to write sales email.
Then ideally we want to send it back,
send it to us
for feedback
and approval.
And now it can go either two ways. If we
approve it, it goes to send the email to
the lead. If you don't approve it, using
the feedback that we gave it, it will
then send it back. So, I could have two
paths here. I could have or really, red
and green, right?
That's approve or deny.
So, if you approve it,
deny. So, once it's approved, again, we
will send it to the to the customer, so
the lead. So, in this case, it will be
send email to lead.
And if it's denied, then we want to
s- uh have second agent, so second
revision agent
right here,
which will then
send it back to us
for feedback.
Right? And that's exactly what we want
to build. So, we start with the form.
So, there's a form that lead fills out
with different variables right here,
or questions. Then we add the responses
to our CRM. In this case, it's Google
Sheets. Then we add the first or we talk
to the first agent to write the sales
email. Then we send it to us for
feedback and approval. And I forgot to
add one more step here, which is uh in
this case,
it's a
intent agent. Okay, I'll explain that to
what that is. Because we give feedback,
but how does the system know
whether it's positive feedback, whether
it's negative feedback? How does it know
whether it's accepted or denied, right?
Uh so, this is
intent. So, feedback intent agent.
Feedback intent agent.
Okay, and now
if it's approved,
it goes there, send the email to the
lead. And if it's not approved, then we
talk to our second agent, which will
write the email.
Make this smaller. So, quick note here,
um you don't actually build automations
and go straight to the platform and
start building them. You always want to
have a process to actually map things
out, map out what you want to build
first, and then go on and build it. It's
sort of like you're building a castle on
a foundation of sand. So, you always
want to make sure you have that roadmap
and that guide that you can then take
when you're building automations. All
right, so let's go to N 8 N and actually
build it. Um the first step, of course,
because we have the form, we have to
create a form. Now, thankfully, we have
N 8 N, which has an internal way of
creating the forms. What I mean by this
is that they have just an internal N 8 N
form right here.
Um so, we can use this. Let me go here,
create a form. And we can use the
trigger. So, the trigger just means
what's the first thing that starts the
automation. And in this case, it will be
on a new N 8 N form event. So, if I
press this button, it will take me to
this page uh where I have a few things
to look at. The first thing is test URL
versus production URL. And test URL just
means that this URL will be used when we
are filling out the form on test mode.
So, when we activate the automation
right here,
then only do we use the production URL,
okay?
So, test URL is what we're using right
now to test it, but production is when
you activate it. Authentication is when
you want to add a password. So, do you
want to add a password to this form? So,
let's say I add a basic auth.
Uh name credential, I can create a new
credential. I can name it
YouTube
human in the loop agent. I'm definitely
not going to remember what this is. Uh
user will be user, and then it will be 1
2 3 4 5.
So, let me show you exactly what this
is. Um
Close this fine. Uh no, thanks. And now,
I can do
new lead
submission.
I want to show you exactly what the
basic auth is. I can execute the step
and see before we actually get to the
form, it asks us for a password. Well,
why do we do this? It's sort of like
you're putting a password on your phone.
You don't want everyone to have access
to it. Uh you want only the people who
have the password to have access to it.
So, in this case, if I put the password
that I put before, 1 2 3 4 5,
I sign in, then I can uh obviously do
the form and whatever app, right? On
there.
And I can submit.
In this case, there's no questions. Uh
but, that's what it do and I get the
output. Uh so, that's what basic auth
is. Um
Form title, so let's Let me actually
turn this off cuz I don't want the the
password. So, this will just be free. Uh
the title will be this. So, this will be
We can add this as we'll get back to you
soon as possible.
Now that we have the description and the
title, we want to add the elements. So,
in this case, we spoke about having
name, email, budget, intent, timeline,
and project description. So, to add
questions, we have to add a form
element. So, in this case, it can be
full name. It'll be text. Placeholder
will be
James Low. So, this is the thing that
you see before you actually fill it out
to give you an idea of what you have to
fill out there. Uh required yes, it'll
be required. Then, we have, let's say,
email.
So, this will be email.
And email could be James
.low @gmail.com.
That's what we have here. And we can
also make this required. So, the the
user has to fill it out. And then, we
have another uh question here, which can
be company name. In this case, we didn't
add it here, but it can be a question.
Uh so, let me do it here. Company name.
Uh JM Solutions, which is the company
name uh that I have. And then, we have
budget.
So, budget can be a not a text, uh but
it can be
a drop-down. So, drop-down just means
you have different options. So, option
one
will be less
I can just do this.
Less than 1,000.
Add a field option. Option two will be
1,000
to 3,000.
And then, like this.
And then,
3,000
to 5,000.
And then, another field option, 5,000
plus. So, in this case, more than 5,000.
That's for budget. And then, we have um
project description. So, in this case,
it wouldn't be this. Be required.
Project description, which would be
a text field.
You can just add
we want a system that
boom.
You can leave it up to the user.
Required field. And then, we have
timeline. So, timeline
again, can be a drop-down uh because you
want to give them a few options.
It can be
within
1 week.
1 to 3 weeks. And then, we can do 3
weeks and both. So, 1 week
to
3 weeks.
And then, we can put 3 weeks plus.
All right, cool. So, uh the last thing
we have to fill out is respond when. So,
this is saying, when do we want to send
the data? In this case,
we want to send the data when the form
is submitted. But, there are cases where
you want to send the data when the
workflow finishes. So, you start the
form and it doesn't only submit Does it
only send the confirmation of submission
when the the actual workflow finishes
when the automation finishes. In this
case, we don't need this. Uh we just
have form submitted. So, whenever the
user first submits the form, it starts
the automation and we can now test it.
So, in this case, as I mentioned, we're
testing it, so we're using the URL here.
I can execute the step. I can now just
fill out the form. So,
for
company name
budget, it can be 3,000. Project
description, we want
more leads. More leads.
And 1 to 3 weeks, right? If I go back
here, I can see that this is the output
that I get.
>> [music]
>> So, we trigger the form using the N N
and now, we get this output. So, full
name, email, company name, and so on.
Now, we can use these variables. So,
these are called dynamic variables
because they are dynamic. They change
every single time.
Um and then, we can use them for for
next steps. So, all is good.
Took us a minute to put this together.
But, now we can add this to the CRM. So,
the CRM will be a Google Sheet. So, let
me add a Google Sheet here. We can do
CRM intake YouTube YouTube human in the
loop
agent.
I have so many Google Sheets with this.
So, I make sure I have to make sure that
I know exactly which Google Sheet is
what. Um so, this can be full name.
Uh I think we had company or email.
Let me just quickly check.
I have company name, full name, email,
company name, budget,
project description, and timeline.
Uh
Got to have to figure it out.
Budget, project description, timeline.
Project description.
And then, we have timeline.
Let me make this bold. Let me make this
here
here white.
I like to make this pretty. I can get
this set.
All right, cool. Uh now that we made the
CRM, and typically we use Google Sheets
cuz that's the easiest, but um a company
probably wouldn't have Google Sheets.
They would have a HubSpot, they would
have a Notion, or they would have a
ClickUp where they store all the leads
that come through. Um but, this is just
for testing purposes.
All right, so once we made the CRM, we
can now connect it. So, to connect the
form to the uh Google Sheets, we just
have to press plus, look for Google
Sheets right here.
Now, we want to append a row. Append
just means add, right? So, we want to
append a row in a sheet.
Uh connect your account. So, you can
connect your account by creating a new
credential. In this case, you can sign
in with Google. I'll do it step by step.
My email.
Continue.
Connection successful. So, if I go back,
I can see that the account was
connected. I usually would recommend
naming it um the email. So,
five and then, the date,
which is 20th of August.
Okay, cool.
And then, press save.
>> [music]
>> So, now the connection is done. Uh the
resource is sheet within document append
a row because that's the action that
we're doing. There's a bunch of stuff
that we can do.
Uh and we're going to use, I believe
it's get rows. Yeah, we're going to use
get rows a little on.
Now, it's asking for the document. The
document in this case is
the CRM intake YouTube human in the
loop. That's a long name. Okay, that
right there. I know it's that one cuz we
named it. So, that's good. Uh and sheet
one will be the sheet that we have to
map. And sheet one is here.
And now, it's asking us to put the
values to send. So, in this case, we're
not mapping each column manually because
we are manually adding variables for
each column. And we're saying, "Hey,
full name needs to go in column one,
which is full name."
Second column is email, company name,
budget, description, and timeline. We do
everything for for the different
columns. So, full name, let me drag it
across
right here.
Email, right across here. Company name,
here. Budget, here. Project description,
here.
Timeline.
I forgot to add one more, which is date
submitted.
All right, cool. Um I wanted date
submitted cuz I know I want to know
exactly when they submitted the date or
when they submitted the form cuz I
That's always good to know. I can just
refresh here.
And now, it gives me the the column that
I put. And now,
this is the variable. So, submitted at,
which tells me the date. This gives me
also the time and all that sort of
stuff. So, we're going to drag this
across submitted at.
And now, I wouldn't want this like this.
So, I'm going to format this in a way
where it's actually readable for the
company. They can actually understand. I
mean, cuz who's going to understand
this? They're going to have to spend
time even thinking about what this
means. So, uh to do it, I believe it's
format date.
Uh
no, it's not that.
Okay, so let's see why it doesn't work.
Uh let me see what I have. Suggested to
date time. Okay. Okay, okay. And then,
we have to format it, right?
Right here. Yeah, format. And now, it's
asking me to format it in the right way.
In this case, you see the result. The
way that this is set up, we just added
the formula.
WW MM DD will result in this.
Uh in this case, I probably wouldn't
want it like that. Um
let me just go to the formatting guide,
which will show me exactly the kind of
format that I need to add. But, this
looks crazy with the
with the color that I have. Um
In this case, we want
We can do this. Uh August 6th. Let me do
FF.
So, if I do FF here,
it should show Yeah, 20th of August 2025
at 6:20. Yeah, that's perfect. Uh now,
if I execute the step, which will use
the previous variables to actually add
it to the sheet. I go here, I can see
that the responses were added here.
Okay? So, JM Solution, this, this, and
then we also have the date. Let's space
this out, and then that's good. All
right, cool. So, now that we have this,
we can go to our next step, which is
actually making the sales email. So, in
order for us to make the sales email,
we have to use a agent. Okay, there's a
few reasons why. Um
we typically would have like this is a
agent workflow because we're we're also
formatting the email. I know exactly
what it means. But,
if you go to AI, you can either use an
agent or you can just simply use an LLM.
I typically use an agent because we're
doing different actions with the with
the thing. Like, we're we're not just
telling the agent write the email, but
we're also telling it, "Hey, format it."
And AI agents are usually very good at
taking something and then doing
something with it. Um
as in, doing different actions. So, I'm
going to press AI agent to connect this
step to here. And now, I'm going to
rename this
sales. So, first
sales agent.
Sales email agent.
rename And now I have to connect this to
three different things. Uh and I have to
put a prompt inside, which is the main
thing. Um so here chat model will be
OpenAI.
To connect your OpenAI here, create a
new credential, you have to go to
platform. The open ai.com sign up to
login.
I want to show you everything cuz I feel
like this is one of the things that uh
it's like the small things that actually
matter when you build automations.
Dashboard
go to API keys.
Create an API key. Name it whatever you
want, right? Then you have So let's
actually do it. Human in the loop
agent YouTube
Create a secret key. Don't want Don't
worry about any of this. This is the API
key. So save this cuz you're not going
to be able to reaccess it unless you
make a new one. Um so we go back to n8n.
API key paste it here, then you save it,
and then it will automatically be
connected, okay?
Close. All right, cool. Then you want to
connect it to 4.1 mini, that's fine.
And actually we have to go inside the
agent first before we do the other ones.
Let me go inside. And now we have to do
a few things. Uh the first thing is
source for prompt. So this is asking us
what is that thing that's going into the
AI agent every single time. Uh in this
case, it would be the the details of the
lead, right? Which will be the details
of the form. Um which is why we have to
change this. So this right here, it says
connected chat trigger node. This means
that usually when you have an AI agent,
you chat to it and then it does
something, uh which is why we're using
chat trigger node. But in this case,
we're using a form. So we have to change
this to define below.
And now here we have to add the things
that are going into the agent every
single time. Uh so I can go here to
expression.
Go full screen. And now I can add the
lead details to the form. So in this
case it can be
Here's the lead.
Here's the
Yeah, here's the new lead intake
information.
Then we can start adding it. So full
name
right here.
Yeah.
We're going to cross. Email
company name
budget
project description
timeline
And then I also want to add something
else later on. Uh but email goes here.
Company name goes here.
Budget goes here.
Project description goes here.
All right, so uh the reason why And now
this is basically changing every single
time. So these variables will change as
the form submissions change, uh which is
what we want because they want the sales
email to be different every single time
for every lead. Um but the reason we're
putting it in the user message is
because in the user message we add the
things that change. The system message,
which is what we find here system
message. This is what we tell the AI
agent what it needs to do, right? In
general and the identity that it has. So
if I go here, I can now start adding the
system message. I'm going to go here.
This is a prompt that we're going to
give the agent for it to think through
what it needs to do and what it is. I'm
going to copy the prompt from the other
agent that I built before and paste it
here.
Uh and by the way, you can either take a
screenshot and put it through ChatGPT
and tell it, "Hey, can you transcribe
this?" Or I'm going to show you after at
the end what how you can get the whole
resource for free, the whole blueprint,
so don't worry. Um but this basically
saying, "You are an expert salesperson
for an agency that delivers AI
solutions. Your job is to respond to
incoming leads by addressing their needs
in a professional manner. You will
receive an information that looks like a
lead project description and timeline,
and your goal is to convince them and
let them uh let them know that we are
the best AI agency on the market." The
projects uh so the tools, right? So this
is the typical structure that we have.
We have overview. We have the tools that
are connected to the agent. Then we have
the rules.
Now
I'm going to explain to this I'm going
to explain to you what it is, something
we forgot to add to the Miro right here.
When the first agent actually um is
doing cuz we want the agent to be
connected to
the Google Sheet
with project results.
Because we want to incorporate results
to our email. So we we don't want to
say, "Hey, thanks for filling out the
form. We can definitely help." We want
to say, "Hey, I saw that you do it a
lead generation I saw that you're
looking for lead generation project."
"We actually did a lead generation
project for John a few months ago and we
got these results. We can help you,
right?" So it's always good to
incorporate proof into what you're
doing. Um
So we want to connect this to Google
Sheet.
We want to connect this as well to Let's
leave this to Google Sheet, right? So in
this case
uh that's why we see the projects. So
this is the tool that's Google Sheets in
this case where it gets the different
rows from our Google Sheets to then give
to the AI agent uh for it to to actually
use to make the email. Um we say use
this tool to search through the previous
project we've done that can be included
in the Okay, cool. So before So to
actually make the tool, we have to make
the sheet. Because right here is the
intake.
But then right here is the projects.
So what we want here is a way for the
agent to pull projects in or pull
results that we've done before. So what
I'm going to do is I'm going to copy the
um the results I had before. And bear in
mind, this is something that the company
can start adding every single time after
after a minute. It'll The agent will
always be automatically uh updating as
in it will take all the rows that are
here. So if you keep adding, that's
fine. It will keep on updating
whatever's here. Um and again, these are
the projects that are going to be
included when the agent needs to refer
to Let's say someone said lead gen, it
will use this example for result in lead
gen project. Same thing with general
tech, onboarding content, and whatever
it is. So actually now that I start to
think about it
we forgot to add
the intent. Um
Okay.
Which is
drop down
lead generation
Then we have content creation.
And this is something that happens,
right? You just think through it,
forget. Um that's why I want to show you
the raw version of me building
automations cuz that's what actually
drives value to people. Uh onboarding
automation
Uh let's do general
uh general automation support.
All right, so um yeah, this is
definitely needed when we have to give
to the agent for it to pull information
from the Google Sheet. Um so
let's rerun this. Let me actually update
this. Uh let me go here.
Let me do
intent.
Actually, let me
So I have to shift this and then put
here.
Let me run this first.
Let me just fast forward to me filling
it up.
All right, so I submitted the form. Now
we have this data to to work with. We
can pin it, right? Pinning it just means
that we don't have to rerun the form
every single time to execute the next um
nodes, the automation. We can use this
as test data for previous for the next
steps. And now we want to add this to
Let me refresh this.
Okay, we This is good. Uh intent will be
going here. Okay?
Cool. So now we also want to give it the
intent. So let me go here. Let me say
intent.
Submission, we can put intent here.
All right, cool. Now we want to go here.
And now because we are able to give the
intent to the the agent, now I can use
the projects, right? Because the intent
is what's linked to here, to the
projects.
Perfect. Um Okay. So let's go here.
We also give it some rules. So keep the
email concise and professional under 100
words. This comes from reactive
prompting rather than active prompting,
which is means that we prompt as we get
errors, we prompt as we iterate as
feedback as we get feedback. And
feedback only comes from actually using
the automation, actually running it. Um
we give it a few objectives. Retrieve
information about the projects with the
lead to prove that the team is capable.
Okay, so this is this is the part where
we tell it to use previous projects'
results to give in the email. Always
write the email in HTML um because
Gmail, to make it look pretty, so to
make it look like this with new lines.
This is called new line, one and two, uh
spaces between lines. We use something
called HTML tags.
So break, so this right here, BR, really
stands for break. Right? And that's why
we add one.
That will just do a new line. If you add
two, that will be two new lines, one,
two. Okay, so this is very important. Um
and then do not add emojis in email.
Yeah, don't like Definitely do not add
emojis cuz in the sales emails, emojis
are the worst thing you can add. Um
perfect. Uh we're going to use this
later on, but don't worry about it now.
Uh now we can connect this to
the Google Sheets. So
Let me go to Google Sheets.
Google Sheets tool, connection we did
all this we already did. The resource
will be um yeah, the resource will be
sheet within document, and we can get
rows.
So when I get the rows, when I get
these, then we're going to let the AI
actually think through which result
which project it needs to use to then
make the sales email. So the sheet
document will be
CRM YouTube Human in the Loop Agent. The
sheet will be projects.
I'm going to leave this empty. So
execute step.
And now I'll see how it got the three
different uh four different rows.
Lead gen
responses
onboarding or content onboarding and
general tech. Right? Now to That's what
we're going to use to actually make the
email to incorporate the results into
the email.
All right, cool. So now that we did
this, we can now um I'm going to show
you exactly
why we have to add something else to the
agent because it's a bit more technical,
um but it's actually very very easy to
understand once you see why we need it
in the first place. So I'm going to run
this.
I'm going to show you exactly what we
need this for.
This agent right here
what it did is that it just wrote the
email. Okay? So Dear Mr. Kelly, we
specialize in custom AI-driven lead
generation systems and understand and
all that. Okay. The only problem with
this is that we
don't get the subject line and we don't
get the body of the email in two
different
Yeah, in two different uh variables. So,
if I paste this all into Gmail, there
will be no subject line. So, for us to
be able
to make an email that has a subject line
and an email body, we need it to be in a
very specific format.
Right? That's why we pressed we toggle
this on, which is required specific
output format, because you want the
subject line and the email to be in two
different variables.
So, once this is turned on, we have a
new option here, which is output parser.
We can just press this, structured
output parser, and don't worry um I'm
going to copy what I had before.
But, when you get the blueprint, you can
um you can directly have it.
But, what I'm basically saying is
let me just copy this.
That I want
the first property, so the first
variable here is subject line, which is
the subject line of the email, and then
the email body, which is the body of the
email, and then the required is for
subject line and the email body.
So, we want the actual output format to
be in a subject line and the body of the
email. So, let me show you the
difference now
when I run this.
Okay, let's see why there's an error.
All right, so after some error handling,
uh I realized that the code here was
wrong. I actually just pasted the right
one. Um so, in this case again, it was
just a few tweaks. A subject is subject
line, and then we have email body,
required. Again, if you have the the
whole setup, you can just have it here.
I don't worry. But, you want to make
sure that this is right. And by the way,
if you ask me, how did I get this code?
You can simply go to ChatGPT and you can
say, "Hey, I'm feeding the AI I'm
feeding the code parser an email with a
subject line and the body together. I
want to output it as two different
variables. One is subject, one is email
body." And it will give you this code
right here. So, you can see here we have
a subject line, and we have an email
body. Okay?
So, now we can go to the next step. The
next step is actually
setting this. So, setting the edit
fields set. Why do we do this? It's
because
ideally, when we go to the next step,
which is human in the loop agent, which
is what you're here for,
is we get the feedback, and then we get
the intent of the feedback. If it's
positive, we send it to the customer. If
it's negative, then we reroute it back.
But, the only problem is is that we want
to route the same variable back to the
agent or back to the human in the loop
agent. So, it's better if I show you
rather than tell you, uh cuz it makes
much more sense. But, in this case,
let's just set two variables, which is
subject.
I'm going to press here,
which in this case is JSON output
subject,
and
email body.
All right, which is email
body.
Okay, so these are the two different
variables.
Uh now, when we route it back to the
agent that actually has to do the
revision, we loop it back here. Okay, we
loop it back here for it to use these
variables to um to reroute it back.
Okay. So, now that we have the variables
set, we can then go to the human in the
loop element.
So, human in the loop will be
um human in the loop right here.
And you can see we don't have only
email, we have Google Chat, we have
Outlook, we have different softwares. In
this case, we are using Gmail, so we can
go here.
To connect your Gmail to N and N, we
have to go here, sign in with Google. It
will take you through the same thing
that we went through before.
Message, send, and waiting for response.
That's that's the thing that is human in
the loop. The email is who are we
sending the email to for it to give us
feedback. In this case, we can put my
email.
If I go here, uh on the email, I think
we added action required, new lead with
budget. Okay, so we put the budget here.
And then, here we put, "Hey Michele, we
have a new lead for you. Okay, we need
project description and the email
drafted." Okay, cool. So, here, subject
line will be this, new lead with budget
of
and this variable will be changed,
because that's the thing that changes
every single time.
Add fields.
No, it's actually form submissions.
I can go to budget right here. So, it
will change. And then, the message, like
I mentioned before, is, "Hey Michele,
we have a new
lead
form submission.
Please revise the email
and give feedback
on the
copy."
So, in this case, we can just add two
So, this just it's just two headings,
heading two. We can do project
description. So, the internal team knows
has a context to what we're giving
feedback on.
Project will be here.
And now, we can add the email. So,
subject I would add the subject line.
Subject. Actually, I do
email.
Uh
I think this would work with markdown.
This is markdown format. Um
subject line will be
used.
Which is this.
And we have email body.
Which is this.
Let's test this. Uh let's see if it
works, how it works, uh when it works,
why it works. So, waiting for input.
Um
okay, cool.
So, now we go here.
You can see Okay, so this didn't work.
So, we we have to take this out. Um
I can go here, I can see that we got the
email. So, it's all good. Okay, perfect.
Um okay, I also realized just now
that
So, let me just give me feedback so that
I can I can approve.
Perfect. Um
I realized that this
So, email doesn't As I just mentioned
before, email needs HTML, not um
it needs HTML, not markdown format. This
is markdown.
In order to put HTML, so in order to put
heading two on HTML, we have to use
this.
Uh here, and then to close it, we have
to use this, slash forward slash.
And then, same thing with this.
And then, we can just remove this. I
don't think we need it.
Output body.
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay.
Um okay, put And then, we can add,
"Please provide feedback on the email
if you have." Actually, no, previous if
you have.
Perfect. Now, as you can see, when I
went to the email, it actually just
asked me to approve. But, in this case,
we want to leave space for feedback. So,
in this case, we have want to add free
text.
So, what this means is that when he
sends us the email to revise, we don't
just press approve. We can also press
approve and deny, right?
But, we
want to add uh text. We want to add
feedback. So, we can say, "Hey, change
this, change that." And then, it will
then send it to the agent to revise it
and then change it, right? Um this free
text is what we need.
I want to take off append N and N
contribution, which is just this.
Automated N and
saying, "Hey, N and I did this."
Um so, we can do this. We can execute
the step again.
And now, if I get the email,
I can see that it says respond.
And the response,
now I can give feedback. Okay, so I can
say,
"Hey,
uh this needs to be more concise
and professional."
Submit. And now, that's the feedback
that's going to come through. So, hey,
this needs to be concise and
professional. So, ideally, we want to
then talk to the other agent, give it
the email that we drafted right now,
give it the feedback, and then let it
revise and then do the whole thing
again, and make it a repetitive loop.
Okay? So, now that we have the feedback,
as I mentioned on the mirror before,
we want to send it to the feedback
intent agent. So, so first, let's rename
this to
human
in the loop.
Rename.
Uh and then, now I can send it to the
text classifier. Cuz the text classifier
on N and N basically takes text and
classifies basically says, "Hey, based
on the text, this is what it is." Um
based on the options that we give it,
the categories, right? Um okay. So,
text classifier would be
the
this right here would be the text to
classify, which would be the the
feedback that we give it. And then,
there will be two categories. One is
approved and one is denied, right? So,
approve.
And then, let me just copy the
description from the agent that I built
this for.
Go here. I say the sales agent approved
the email accepted the way it was
written. The text that we're classifying
intends that it was accepted and that
everything was uh good. Example output,
yes,
that's fine.
Looks good.
Send it through. Now, this came from
actually testing, because
how does it The text classifier isn't
always 100% correct, right? Sometimes we
give it something, we say, "Hey, can you
change this part?" But, it assumes that
we accepted it, so it sends it to the
lead. Uh we want to make sure that we
give it examples of what someone might
say as a way for them to reference
whether it's accepted or denied. Um so,
that's why we had the examples.
And then, category will be denied,
which will be
the uh right here, expression. Let me go
here.
Here. The sales agent denied the email
and denied the way it was written. Uh
the text that we're classifying intends
that it needs updating or changing,
usually usually.
Um we'll provide it feedback on how to
do so, and then we give it a few
examples.
So, make it shorter.
I don't like it.
It's too long. Include other projects.
And no. So, these are
various things that you would um ask the
agent or you would tell the agent, and
then we tell it, "Hey, based on these
sort of examples, this is the denied
path." Now, [snorts] okay, this is good.
Um so, now, as you can see, we now have
two different paths. So, then we can go
to decide where we send the email to the
lead, and then the denied path where we
have to make the agent to revise. Uh
but, before we do that, we have to add a
model, because this thing's through an
AI. So, the model here will be
uh OpenAI model.
Again, we already connected it, so 4.1
mini is fine. And now that we
categorized the different types of
responses based on what's approved and
what's denied, we can now send it two
different ways. So,
let's do the easy one first, which is
approved. In this case, we just um use a
Gmail node to send it to the customer.
So, create
send a message? Yeah, send a message.
Um you already connected it, message
send to
in this case, we have to execute
previous nodes.
Uh okay, let me just add test email.
Subject line will be hello. Let me just
change this real quick later.
Uh, let me just run this.
Okay.
Pin this.
And then, now I believe that we have
Okay, we don't have data here. So, let
me just run this again.
Go here. It's my email.
Make it shorter.
Now, this right here I can pin.
And now I can use this. Okay? So, I can
use this to say for to classify whether
it's denied or approved. So, as you can
see, it went down the denied path
because we said make it shorter, we give
it feedback.
Um, okay. So, now we're here, I can then
pull information from the form.
It'll be email, which will be subject
line will be in this one right here.
Subject line.
Actually, need to remove hello first.
And then the body of the email, which in
this case again, it's HTML.
We can also put text, but we're using
HTML um, for this for the actual
message.
Okay? So, now if I test this,
Okay, I actually didn't get it for some
reason. I didn't get any email. Let me
try again to see if it works this time.
Okay, I think it's because it didn't go
down this path, but
or it's because these are pinned. Let me
just unpin this. Do each one
individually.
By the way, I'm just pressing P when I
hover over this.
I can try rerun this.
Okay, let me just go through the whole
phase. Um,
right here.
Go here. I can get an email. I can say
yes.
Looks good.
Submit. Go back. And now because it's
approved, it will go down this path.
Okay, cool. That's why. Uh, because the
text that we gave it before was the
denied path.
So, we go here.
Um, and then I can say we do usually
generation one week. We're specializing
developing new generation intelligent
systems for business. For instance, we
recently helped a real estate firm
generate 20 leads. Do you see how it
pulls in
these sort of projects? We recently
helped a firm generate 20 leads in 5
days after working with us, which
generated 100k pipeline. That's what it
uses
to uh, in the email, right? To generate
sort of authority and trust.
Uh, given your timeline and budget,
we're confident we can deliver. Okay.
Best regards. And now, this right here I
don't want. Okay, so this is where we go
here
to the email node and add options. We
can then, uh, append it we can turn this
off. Okay, append and end attribution.
Turn this off so that
we don't need um,
we don't have the sponsorship, which is
right here.
Okay. So, we're naming this to
send solely email.
And that's the first path for approved.
Uh, so the next step is the denied path.
So, in this case, we get the feedback
and then we give it to another agent to
revise it. Okay, so I'm going to press
add AI agent. In this case, we can name
it revision
agent.
We don't need to connect it to a chat
trigger node. I mean, we don't have it
connected, so we just have to define it
below. And the thing that we give it is
Let me go expression. Wait, is the
feedback and the email, right? So, it
knows the both of them. So, in this case
it will be feedback
received,
which will be this one here.
And the email body,
which will be this one here.
Right? And subject line.
So, we get it. Okay. Uh, and now we want
to give it a system message because we
want to take give it an identity in the
whole thing that we gave it before. The
only thing that changes now is the fact
that now it needs to revise. But it
still sends the it still does the actual
email. I'm just going to copy and paste
the prompt that I wrote before, uh, so
you don't have to waste time actually
writing it.
>> [snorts]
>> And I have you are helpful intelligent
email assistant who needs to update a
sales email based on the provided
feedback. When I add overview, which I
forgot to add. The tools is the same,
the rules are the same, and final notes
are the same. Um, okay, cool. And uh, we
still need to turn this on because we
still need it to be in a very specific
format. In this case, it's subject line
and email. Again, the only thing that
changes is that this makes a revision,
but the output is still the same, which
is an email. So, I'm going to put this
requires a specific format. And now, I
have to connect these to a chat model,
to a tool, and an output parser. The
good thing about N and N is that you
don't have to connect it again
to this to to a different thing. We can
use the previous
chat model, previous
tool, and the previous output parser.
Okay, so they're connected to the same
thing.
So, this goes here, uses these, then
goes here if it needs to go here, and
then uses this again. So, you don't have
to redo it. And I can press save.
And now, let's test it. So, let me go
here.
Let me use the feedback that we got uh,
from here.
Let me go here.
Hey Michele, we specialize in customized
lead generation systems. We recently
helped I told it to be more concise. I
think that's what Yeah, more concise and
professional.
We do a call to discuss how we can see.
Yeah, I think it's more concise.
Definitely more concise. I don't know
about professional. Um, but that's fine.
And now,
to make sure that we can send it back to
the human in the loop to make sure that
it's a whole repetitive process,
we have to
pin this across and put it in the edit
fields. Okay, so this is where it all
links together because we want it to be
a repetitive loop. So, we want to make
the email for the first agent, which
only writes the first email,
then send it to the human in the loop to
make sure that we revise.
If it's bad, it will revise it, send it
back again. If it's bad again, revise it
until we accept it. Okay, so it's a
whole repetitive process. So, there's no
human The only human in the loop is us
actually approving it or denying it. Uh,
but the automation is smart enough so
that we can loop it back. And the reason
why we're using this node right here,
which I explained before, is because the
output here,
subject and email body,
is the same
type of variables that we get here,
subject and email body. Okay, so this
basically gets the input from here and
from here, and they're all the same. The
only thing that changes is the actual
content, right? Uh, but the variable
name, the key, this is called the key,
is the same.
So, that's how we use that. Um, okay.
So, let me unpin this.
And we can run this from the start until
the end.
Save. Unpin this as well.
Save. And I can execute workflow. Let's
go here, and I can start filling out the
form.
James Michael.
Now, obviously this should be above. Um,
we can change it later in in the form,
but that's the whole form right there.
Submit.
Now, this starts the automation. Okay,
so it sends it to our CRM. So, if you go
here to uh, that was the old one.
To here.
C1.
James Michael, Media Corp, budget,
authority, uh, budget description,
timeline, intent, and date submitted.
It will now send it to us for revision.
Action required. Let's say we look at
this and we say,
respond.
We say,
>> [snorts]
>> you need to
ask him
at the end
to give you
a few times that work for them
next week for a call. Okay, so in this
case, it should send it to the denied
because we gave it feedback.
So, you see how it goes here. It will
use the AI.
It will use these tools as well. Send it
back. Another email.
So, could you please provide a few times
that work for you next week?
Let me say,
make this
a bit longer.
So, now when I submit it, it then goes
back to the same thing. You see how it's
a whole repetitive loop? It goes through
every single time. Um, and that's why
it's it's a great system to have because
it doesn't really end until you accept
it.
I go here again.
I can
respond
and say, yes.
All good.
Press submit. And now, because it's
approved, it then goes here. Okay, and
we get the email,
which is this. So, let's discuss your
AI-driven automation. It made it a bit
longer like we asked it to. It also made
the question here.
Um,
and it added the case study right here.
Okay, so that right there is One more
one step ahead that we can do is
actually make only the first name, not
the full name. So, let's just do that
right now.
Let me go here. Um,
Yeah, let me actually just put first
name. I think that would work in the
send. Yeah, I could do first name.
And I think this needs to be split.
I think it needs to be a space.
Yeah, and then I can
first.
So, this gets the first. Yeah, so this
gets James. So, a full name
is like this,
right?
And this is always good to know because
when you're building automations, you
want to have these sort of formulas uh,
at hand. So, the full name is first
name, space, last name. So, what we're
saying is split this by the space, so it
will be one and two, and I want the
first. So, it comes here.
The split with space, space here, and
then I want the first. If I said last,
it will get the last name. So, let me
say,
last. It will get Michael, right? James
Michael. Or Michele Torti. I mean, in
this case it would
because the full name is James Michael,
it will get Michael.
And if you're enjoying this n8n course,
then you might want to check out our AI
automation circle, which is a school
community for people who look into learn
AI automations from zero, either to
apply it in their own business or to
start their AI agency to provide
services to clients. We have people
introducing themselves every single day,
asking questions, sharing wins, getting
technical support, and also looking for
jobs and partnerships. We also have a
classroom full of courses, which is the
AI automations one-on-one course, an
extension to this course, the templates
vault, which is all the resources from
our YouTube channel in case you want to
work with us one-on-one to start and
scale your agency. We have all the
weekly recordings from every single call
that we do, plus over $20,000 in
discount codes. And we also have two
calls a week for weekly huddles to
answer any questions and also live
coding sessions where we actually build
systems from scratch. The only catch is
not everyone gets in, so feel free to
apply and make sure you put some
thoughts into your answers. With that
being said, let's get back to the
course.
I built an AI agent on N and that reads
my contacts, manages my emails, and my
calendar, and even writes my blog posts.
And honestly, it still blows my mind.
So, in today's video, I'm going to show
you exactly how I did it. All right, so
let me show you exactly how it works. We
have the agent pulled up here, and then
we also have Telegram, which is exactly
how I get to talk to the agent. Let me
just say,
"Can you send an email to James Low uh
telling him that we have dinner tomorrow
at 7:00 p.m. in Rome, and also can you
put that on the calendar to make sure
that we have it there for 7:00 p.m. and
send an invite to him?" And uh yeah, let
me know when it's done.
All right, so right now, the agent had a
task assigned to him. It's going on and
finding the different agents that he
needs to talk to in order to fulfill the
task. It's using both the email agent
and the calendar agents, as you can see.
The email is done, the calendar is done.
And I get a text saying that the email
to James Low about dinner tomorrow 7:00
p.m. in Rome has been sent, and a
calendar event for dinner is also being
created. So, if I go to my email right
here, I should expect an email saying we
have dinner tomorrow 7:00 p.m. in Rome,
which is fine. Calendar, I can see that
we have dinner in Rome, which is
scheduled for 7:00 to 8:00 p.m. and I
never told it to do 1 hour, but it was
smart enough to understand that for
dinner, uh 1 hour is fine, which is
great. And then it sent an invitation to
100 million dollar peanuts, which is the
email that I have uh unlisted under
James Low right here. The real ones know
what this is, and uh it was scheduled
automatically for me, and the email was
sent. All right, cool. So, now you got
to see what the AI agent does. Let's go
to Miro right here. So, I drew up this
diagram which shows exactly the
fundamentals or the way that this
multi-step AI agent works. Now, we still
have an input, and we have an output.
Sorry for that. Uh the input is
essentially what I told it. I said,
"Hey, can you do XYZ for me? Can you
schedule an email? Can you schedule um
can you put something on the calendar?"
Right? This is an instruction that we
told the AI agent to start with. That's
the input. Uh and the output is here,
everything was good. So, after we give
it the input, that goes on to the
multi-step AI agent. Now, think of this
as a CEO of the company, CEO of the AI
agents. It has system prompts and
instructions. So, what these are are
instructions that say, "Hey, you are a
helpful, intelligent assistant." Right?
The typical prompt that you put in for
an AI agent. And we also say, "Here are
the tools that you have access to. Here
are the agents that you have access to.
If this happens, if you're asked to send
an email, then choose this agent. If
you're asked to do the calendar, then
choose that agent." Right? So,
fundamentally, this multi-step AI agent
thinks with its brain, which is the LLM,
and also has a memory, which means it
remembers the previous conversations
that you had or the previous questions
that you asked. And on a high level, the
multi-step AI agent gets an input, which
means it gets a a request, right? And
then chooses which agent to talk to.
So, think of these as head of
departments. So, the CEO has different
head of departments in their company.
So, it gets a request and then chooses,
"Hey, based on what I was told, let's
say we do uh schedule calendar event for
tomorrow for dinner," which is exactly
what I did, then it would go out and
talk to the head of calendar, so the
calendar agent. It sends a request
saying, "Hey, I got a request saying
that we want to schedule a dinner for
tomorrow 7:00 p.m." And then that
calendar agent talks to its tools, which
are the employees, which actually do the
thing, which actually schedule the
event, create the event through a
request. And then they get a response,
which is, "Yeah, it was successful." And
they respond back to here saying, "Hey,
everything was good."
And obviously, these head of departments
think with their brain, which is the LLM
in this case. But, let's say we asked it
to send a calendar event or even send an
email.
In this case, because we have a contact
department, we because we have a contact
agent, the first step it has to do that
we instructed to is, "Hey, if we're told
or if you're told to schedule a calendar
event or schedule an email, the first
step you have to do is actually find the
contact of the person that we're talking
about because I'm just saying the name,
and then you can do the other things."
So, for the example that I gave you for
the calendar, they have the input, which
is calendar. Multi-step AI agent. First
step is contact agent, so to get the
contacts that it needs through a request
and a response, right? Talking to the
tools as well, which are the employees,
which gives the contacts and find the
contacts. And then it goes here, then it
says, "Okay, what do I have to do
first?" In this case, calendar agent, so
we schedule the calendar. So, head of
department goes to the employees saying,
"Hey guys, can you do it?" "Yes, it's
done." [music] Sends a response,
"Everything was good." And then talks to
the email agent, which is head of email
in this case for the company. Then from
the email agent, it assigns it to its
employees, which are tools, through a
request. So, sends a request like, "Hey
guys, can you do this?" Then sends a
response, which is, "Yeah, everything
was good." And then once everything is
executed based on what we told it to do,
it then gives me the output saying,
"Hey, everything was good." And so on.
And then we also have a blog agent,
which in this case wasn't used, but this
agent is just used when we tell it to
write a blog. Right? And then it goes
out to the head of content, per se, and
then head of content assigns it to its
employees, which are tools, through a
request, and then we get a response.
Right? And that's our whole repetitive
loop that happens every single time.
But, this is non-deterministic. So, what
does non-deterministic mean? It means
that the input can result in different
outputs. So, I can say, "Hey, send an
email." And it will send an email. But,
I can also say, "Send a blog." And it
will send a blog. So, it the one input
can result in multiple different
outputs. That's what non-deterministic
means. It's not determined, right? Uh
so, that's what it is. All right, so the
first step to this AI agent is the
trigger. So, the trigger is the first
thing that actually starts the
automation, starts the the AI agent
because there's a way that there's a
systematic way that we actually talk to
the AI agent. It's like you're talking
to an employee, there has to be an
input, right? And this is the input
right here. Uh so, if I go on here,
which you can find, by the way, if when
you go to Telegram,
go here, and then you go down to
triggers, which is essentially, I don't
know if you guys can see it, but
on message right here.
So, this is the one we're going to use
to then trigger. So, it says, "Hey,
whenever a message comes," so trigger on
message, "whenever a message comes, can
you please just um allow it to or can
you please just trigger the automation?
Can you start the automation?" And to
connect to your Telegram, all you have
to do is press here on credentials to
connect with. This is my account. You
can create new credentials. And then to
actually connect this, let me press this
here, which talks to the agent from N
and N, which gives you like a
step-by-step instructions. Uh there's a
clear process to it. You have to talk to
an agent called the BotFather, which is
Yeah, so create a Telegram account,
start a chat with the BotFather, so you
have to use this link right here.
And then you can uh you have to give it
a {slash} something. You have to start a
conversation with yeah, {slash} new bot.
And then you can get your API key or
your access token, which it gives you,
which then allows you to connect it to
your account. So, once you connect it to
your account, you want to just put
trigger on message, which allows you to
be able to trigger the the actual
workflow on the message that you sent
it. So, let's say I trigger this.
So, I go here.
And I just
I can write a text like, "Hey, how are
you?"
And then go inside and see that we got a
text saying, "Hey, how are you?" Right?
And this is a text. [music] Now, we use
a switch node after this because a
switch node allows us to differentiate
whether the text or whether the message
was in audio, whether it's a text.
Because if it's an audio, we have to get
the file, which because the audio itself
turns into a file, and then give it to
AI to say, "Hey, we have an audio. Can
you just turn it into text so we can use
it?" Okay? Because the input here has to
be text. Either way, whether it's an
audio, whether it's just text. So, we
want to make sure that we get text in
the AI agent, in the CEO, uh all the
time. So, switch here, go inside, and
then we want to make sure we're choosing
basically a field that only happens
whenever we send the audio. So, what I
mean by that is, let's say we send a
text. In this case, this is all the
fields that we get, right? Which is
this, message text. So, we know it's a
text because this says text, because
chat says text. But, let's say I did a
voice message, so let me go here and let
me rerun it.
Let me say, "Hello, this is me. Hello,
hello."
I can then go here, I can see that it
triggered. We can see here that it's
voice. So, when we go back here, we're
basically saying, "Hey,
set the rules." There's two different
rules. If it's an audio, so we know it's
an audio because we know that this
variable exists, mime type. And we know
it's a text when text exists, which we
already had before. So, we're splitting
into two different ways.
And we're using again two different
variables, the ones here. Right? This
looks like code, but it actually is just
me
dragging and dropping this one here.
Boom, like this, right? And you'll get
it there.
Uh and then we are splitting into two
different ways. So, if it's an audio, it
goes here. If it's a text, it will go
here. And then we'll send this, so this
right here is just the text of the
message, and it will send it both ways
to the AI agent. So, route it back and
then bring it back to the same place.
So, the AI agent always gets text.
There's a few things we have to set up
for the main AI agent. The first one is
source for prompt, which is the user
message. Now, in the simplest way
possible, this is asking us basically,
"What is the thing that you want to feed
in to the AI agent?" So, there's two
options. The first one is connect uh
connected chat trigger node. So, let me
zoom in. Connected chat trigger node,
which is basically saying, "Do you want
to connect it to the chat node of N and
N?" Which is because N and N has a uh
native chat node. So, we say no, we're
using Telegram, so we just want to
define it below. So, we're defining it
ourselves. And below, which in this case
is just json.text, which is the text
that we get from Telegram. Whether it's
a voice, whether it's a text, we always
give it the same thing. And then we
require specific output format. No, it
doesn't require any specific output
format because it changes. And then
enable fallback method. This says, "Hey,
since it's using an AI to actually
think, uh it says, 'If the AI doesn't
work, do you want to set another
fallback method?'" So, it uses another
AI. Well, in this case, we don't need
to, so we can just leave it there. And
now, for the most important part of the
agent is the system message. So, this is
the instructions. Let me press this
button right here, which basically puts
it full screen. And this is the general
structure that you would give an AI
agent for it to actually work. Because
the prompt is the most important thing.
Without a prompting, without you giving
instructions to someone, how are they
meant to know what to do? Right? So, we
say we give it an overview, so you are
the ultimate personal assistant. Your
job is to send the user's query to the
correct tool. Uh and these are the
different tools. So, I say first tool,
and then second tool, and then third
tool, and then content agent, so this is
a
another tool, and then we give it some
rules, instructions, and a final
reminder, here's the current date and
time. So, we always give it the date and
time because AI isn't the best at at
guessing what date and time it is.
I tried running it before. I said, run a
make an event for tomorrow and it made
an event for I think 6 months ago. So,
not the best. And the structure is
overall mainly the same. We have the
overview, which is some context. We have
tools. So, for the tools this app we
have contact agents. So, we say use this
tool to take contact actions. You might
use this before sending emails or
creating calendar events within
attendees. So, this is where we go into
prompting, right? Which I don't want to
get too deep in, but we're basically
saying, "Hey, before you use something
else, use this." So, let's say we say,
"Hey, can you send an email to James?"
How does it know James' email, right?
So, we're basically saying we're
prompting it saying, "Hey, before you
send an email, before you create a
calendar event, just go out to the
contact database and find the contacts,
which in this case is in a Google
Sheet." So, that's what we tell it to
do. And then we have the email agent,
which is use this tool to take action in
email, that's simple. Then we have
calendar agent, which is basically
saying use this tool to take action in
the calendar. I also reiterate it. So, I
said, "Hey, you must use a contact
agent before using calendar agent and
make sure you pass through the email of
the contact to the calendar agent. Now,
this only comes from actually testing
the agent and making sure that it works
because sometimes what it was giving me
it was when you know when I say send the
invite to the actual person, it was
sending me just the name. So, I say,
"Hey, no, that can't happen. Just send
me the email cuz that's the email is the
only thing that we can actually use to
send the invite." Then we have content
agent, so use this tool to generate a
blog and return the full text. And then
we have rules here. And the rules are
basically going towards telling the AI
agent some rules that it needs to do.
And this is a difference between
proactive and reactive prompting because
reactive prompting is essentially the
the act of iterating, so means changing
the prompt over time as you're testing
the agent. So, you're testing the agent,
you see that the email agent doesn't
work for this reason, you add rules
saying, "Hey, if this works,
do this." But, you wouldn't know it
didn't work if you didn't actually test
it. So, you always want to do reactive
prompting. Test the agent and then add
the rules.
That's what you want to do. And then
some instructions and then final
reminder again. All right, cool. So,
this is the prompt that we want to use.
And this is the one that is going to use
to then decide which AI agent it's then
going to offload the task to. Now, the
main AI agent is connected to a child
model. So, this is the brain, the LLM
that I was talking about. With in this
case we use ChatGPT 4.1 mini. To connect
your OpenAI, you just have to go here,
create a new credential.
And then you have to go to the actual
platform the OpenAI. So, you go here.
platform.openai.com
You log in. So, you have to log in and
then you have to go to dashboard, I
believe. API keys on the left-hand side.
Go here to create a new API key.
Name it. So, hello.
Test. YouTube, 19th of August.
Leave this as you. Project is default
and information is all, so it's fine.
Create a secret key and then copy this.
Bring it back to N and N.
And then this is the one you're going to
put here. So, API key, let's do YouTube
August 19th.
You don't need this. Base URL is fine.
All you have to do is press save
and you'll see this green check mark
here, which means that connection was
tested successfully. And bear in mind
that you need to add credits to OpenAI
for it to actually work. And I think $5
should do, it's enough. It's exactly
what I put I think 4 months ago and now
it's still going. So, it's very very
cheap. Now, the model itself, 4.1 mini
is actually very very good. Some models
don't work for this AI agent, like to to
actually run the AI agent. For example,
4.0 would not work. So, leave this as
4.1 mini, which is very fast. Then we
have think, which is a new node that was
added recently, which is just used to
add that extra person to think. So, it
does everything and then it consults is
like a consultant. It consults with the
AI agent saying, "Hey, I did all of
this. Am I doing it right or is there
something that I'm getting wrong?" It
will think through it and then it will
tell it if something is changed. And
then simple memories, if I go in here, I
can see that we have a session ID, which
will just be the chat ID that we have
with the agent. Then we have context
window length. This just means how many
text messages do you want the AI agent
to actually remember when it gives you
the output. Cuz let's say I say, "Hey,
can you send an email to James?" Then he
goes out and sends the email to James
and says, "Hey, we're done." And then
you say, "Can you actually schedule the
calendar event with him as well?" Now,
it needs to remember who James was,
right? That we actually said James for
it to actually do the thing. So, this is
basically saying if you put five, it
will just say, "Hey, remember the five
past conversations that we had with
you." So, that's what it means. And then
here is where the real sauce begins
because we have the contact agent, the
email agent, calendar agent, the content
creation [music] agent. All right, so
the first tool here, the first agent
that is hooked up with is the contact
agent. Now, this right here, again, is
the head of contacts. What it will do is
it will call this tool to take action
within the contact database. So, we add
a description, which is what it is, and
then we say the prompt. So, the prompt
is what do we tell the agent to do? In
this case we can define it automatically
by the model. And then we give it a
system message, which is exactly what we
gave it in the main model. Overview,
which is you are a contact manager, you
have tools to take action within the
contact database. The different tools
you have is get contacts, you use this
tool to get contact information, like
address or phone number, and then add or
update a contact, use this to add a new
contact to database or update an
existing contact. So, that's exactly
what it does. Those instructions allow
it to think about what it has to do and
choose which tool it needs to send the
information to. And we also have a
model, which is the brain, so in this
case the LLM, which is also hooked up to
the main agent, the same. So, in this
we're using 4.1 mini like I mentioned
before. Then we have the tools. We have
get contact and then we have add or
update contacts,
like [music] you saw here in the system
message. So, if I go here to the first
tool, we can see that get contacts is
hooked up to Google Sheets. So, the
first step you have to do is go here,
create a new credential. And all you
have to do is sign in with Google. You
can press this button right here, which
will take you through the main page
right here with Google, which will
basically allow you to connect to any
account that you want. And then you can
bring it back. It's as easy as that. You
can bring it back and it will be
connected, so that's fine.
Yes, delete. And then you want to set
this automatically because we're
allowing AI to actually set the tool
description, so what it actually needs
to do. And then the resource will be the
sheet within the document because
there's a sheet that we're using, which
is a contacts, which is this one right
here, which all the contacts. In this
case it will be more, but these are the
ones that we have now. And then we have
get rows because that's the action that
we have to do. In this case we're
getting contacts from the list. So,
which sheet are you using? Which Sorry,
which document are you using? So, which
Yeah, which main sheet are you using?
So, in this case it will be contact
database USB. And what sheet within the
sheet are we using? So, in this case it
will be sheet one. And then you want to
leave this blank because we want to let
the AI figure it out. Now, let's test
this. Let me show you exactly what this
just what this step does. Let me go to
Telegram. Let me execute the workflow
and say So, in this case we have James
Low.
So, hey, can you
quickly
get me James Low's
email?
So, through text it will then talk to
the main agent. It will think, "Hey,
what agent do I need to use in order for
me to do that task?" It will think and
then it will send it here and then this
will then send it here, bring it back,
and then give me the output. And it will
say, "Hey, James Low's email address is
100 million dollar peanuts. Is there
anything else you want me to do?" So,
this right here just used the agent, so
used this tool right here to do this
specific task. So, it will think through
which agent it will send it to. It will
then send it here and then based on what
it's told, it will then think through
exactly which tools or which employee is
it going to offload the task to. In this
case the employee will be the get
contacts. And the same thing is update a
contact, so right here we can update the
contact here. We're going to do the same
connection, set automatically. This is
all the same. The only thing you want to
change is you want to map the column
mode manually because you're manually
mapping each column. And then it says
based on cuz when we tell it, "Can you
update or can you change something?" It
needs to know what it needs to change.
So, we want to match the name to the
name in the sheet to make sure that it
knows exactly which one is updating. And
then it's updating the name, which is
defined automatically by the model, the
email
or the phone number. Right, based on
what it needs to update. And I give it a
description as well. So, this is the
name of the person, the email, and the
phone number. And leave everything else
the same. So, [music] these two are
called upon when it needs to do that
specific task. Now, let's get on to the
email agent, which is, again, the same
thing, same same sort of setup. We have
the description, so call this tool to
take action in email. Prompt, which
should be defined by the model. Then we
have system message. So, you're an email
assistant, you have tools to take action
in email. And then we have different
tools, so send, get, draft, create,
reply, create a draft, and then get
labels, actually label them. And then we
have rules and then final reminder.
In this case for the different tools, we
tell it we give it a small interaction.
So, in this case you have to use this to
send an email, use this to get emails.
And we give it different rules and
different logic. And this all comes from
actually testing and making sure that we
know exactly what hasn't worked [music]
based on our test and then what can we
add to the prompt to make sure that it
works every single time. So, that's what
we want there. And this is basically it.
So, all the same for the different
agents. And then it's hooked up to the
OpenAI brain, which again is the same
for every single agent. And then it's
hooked up to six different tools. Send
email, get emails, email reply, create a
draft, get labels, and label emails.
So, in this case let's go to send
emails. This will be the one tool that
will be used that will be called upon
when it needs to send an email. So, if I
go to credentials right here, all you
have to do to connect your Gmail to N
and N is go to create a new credential.
And just as we did for the Google Sheet,
we just have to sign in with Google. It
will take you through this page right
here. You can just choose which account
you want to use and that's the one that
will be brought back here and it will be
connected automatically.
Press delete. Let me go here. So, leave
this as set automatically. The resource
will be message because that's the thing
that we're actually doing. The operation
is basically what action are we taking?
So, we want to send in this case. And
it's asking us who do we send the email
to? What's the subject line? So, email
type, which is essentially either HTML
or text. In this case we just want to
leave it to HTML because if you want to
send a blog over email, then we want it
to have headers and all that sort of
stuff. And the only way to have headers
is to use HTML instead of text. And then
it's asking us what message So, what's
the body of the email? So, in this case
we're allowing the model to actually
think through exactly and define who are
we sending the email to. So, based on
So, let's say I say, "Hey, send the
email to James." It will first of all
get the contact, find the email, and
then it's smart enough to actually think
about
what email do we put here? In this case
it will be the email of the contact that
we just mentioned.
Subject line is the same. So, it will
think through the context that we give
it.
In this case let's say we we tell it to
write an email about going out for
dinner. The subject line will be created
based on that context. And the same
thing with message. So, let me test this
one right here so you get a feel of sort
of what it does just on this
>> [music]
>> this right here.
Let me execute workflow. Let me pull up
Telegram. And we can say, "Hey, can you
send
an email to him?" So, in this case,
we're actually testing the memory
itself.
Um saying,
uh "You are fired."
There you go.
So, then you execute the workflow. So,
it will think through what it needs to
do.
It will then know that it needs to use
this email agent to send the email,
bring it back
to Telegram. So, if I go to my email
here, I can see that I sent an email to
100 million other peanuts saying, "You
are fired." And the subject line was
already chosen by the model. So, that's
exactly what it does. So, based on what
it was instructed to do, it will choose
which tool it will use. This setup is
very much the same as the other tools.
So, if we go to get many, the connection
is the same, set automatically, message
is the same. In this case, we want to
change this from send to get many
because we want to get the different
emails that we need to get. Return all,
just let the AI handle this. It will
define whether it needs to return all or
just one
or what it needs to return in this case.
And then the sender. So, defined
automatically by the model and we also
give it a description. So, it sort of
has the guardrails when it needs to
think about who is the sender. So, in
this case, it can be a sender's name or
email address when it needs to pull
information. And then same thing with
email reply. So, in this case, we have
message and then we have reply. The
message ID will be obviously the message
that we previously got that we're
replying to.
And then we will leave this as HTML just
to make the email look pretty if it
needs to in case we're sending a blog.
And then the message here will be the
body.
Turn this off because then we don't have
to see any end on the email.
Same thing with create a draft. So, in
this case, instead of message, you can
put draft.
Create for operations. That's the actual
thing that we're doing. This is the
subject line, so we let it define by the
model. So, just press this button right
here or you can simply add
bracket bracket dollar sign from AI and
then you put subject. This is the
variable that we're pulling in or you
can just
do this. And then you can leave this as
HTML and then message is defined by the
model. And then whoever sending the
email to as a draft is defined by the
model as well. Same thing with get
labels. We're just getting labels. So,
label and get many and return all will
be defined by the model. And then label
emails as well
because this right here is a two-step
operation because we're first getting
emails to then label the email. In this
case, it will be the message. Add label.
Message ID will be the ID of that
specific thread of email. And then label
names or IDs will be the ones that will
be pulled in from this right here.
Because before this acts, this one
happens before cuz it needs to again get
labels before using the labels that it
was given to then do the thing. Then we
go to calendar agent. Very similar
setup. We have the description, the
prompt which is defined by the model.
Then we go here. As you can see that
this is a system message. So, this is
the instructions that we give the AI
agent in thinking through what it needs
to do.
Again, very very similar setup as the
one we have before, overview tools and
final reminder.
And most importantly here, we have date
and time because again AI is just the
worst at thinking through the times and
the dates. And now it will think through
what it needs to do. And then it's
hooked up to five different tools. So,
we have create an event with attendee.
So, this is basically creating an event
with someone, right? Um which is exactly
what I showed you at the start of the
video. In order to connect your Google
calendar to an end, all you have to do
is create a new credential. You go here,
sign in with Google. It will take you
through this page. Choose the account
that you want and this is will be the
one that will be connected here. And
then you want to put the resources as
event because it's an event, right? Uh
create because that's the task that
we're doing. That's the action that
we're doing. We're creating something.
The calendar will be your calendar. And
then it's going to ask you for the start
and end date. So, let's say I tell it to
schedule an event for tomorrow at 7:00
p.m. It will choose the start date. And
it will also choose the end date. So,
you see how before it shows the 8:00
p.m. 1-hour time frame. I didn't tell it
to. The AI automatically did it. Right?
This is what it is. Default reminders,
leave this as on because then Google
calendar can choose its own reminders.
And then it's going to ask us who the
attendees are. The attendees are
basically the people that are going to
be invited to that specific event that
we're doing. We're also giving it a
description and the summary as well. All
defined by the model itself because it
will be smart enough to know that it
will give the email, right? And we tell
it the description as well. And the
summary will be defined automatically by
the model as well.
And then let me actually do this. Let me
actually show you just this model right
here. So, you can see exactly the flow
that it goes through. So, just get
contact and then do this.
Let me go here.
Let me say,
"Can you
create
an event
for
tomorrow?
God, my spelling is horrible.
Event for tomorrow at 6:00 p.m.
and invite
him." Yeah, that's it.
Boom.
Then I'm waiting for it to do. It will
think through what it needs to do. It
will create the event. It will then give
me a response. If I go to my Google
calendar, I can see that event with
James Low was done at 6:00 p.m. to 7:00
p.m. Again, it was smart enough to think
that it's just a 1-hour slot. But of
course, it was given it was given the
context that it it wasn't given a 1-hour
thing. So, it will think through exactly
what it needs to do. It will just choose
the 1-hour and add it there. It will
send me the invite as well. That's cool.
And that's what this tool does.
And the same setup is for creating an
event without the attendee. So,
everything's the same apart from the
fact that we just don't add any
attendees here. Get events is the same.
So, in this case, we're just changing
this to get many.
So, let's say we go here
to Telegram and we ask it Let me just
execute the workflow.
Let me ask it,
"What events
do I have
this week?"
So, now it will think through what it
has to do. It will then think through
what it needs to use.
It first it will get the events and
bring it all back to Telegram. So, right
here it will tell me that I have the
out-school workshop this weekend,
James Low, dinner in Rome, and workshop
again. So, this right here is something
that I had Was it yesterday at 1:00
a.m.? Yeah, yesterday 1:00 a.m. That's
why it's telling me that it's from this
week as well. And that's how this tool
works. So, get an event. And then we
have delete events which is again the
same. The only thing we have to change
is the event and delete. Calendar will
be ours. Then it's asking us for the
event ID. It's sort of the same as
replying to an email because you need to
know the email ID first of the one that
you're replying to to then reply. In
this case, it's asking us what is the
event ID? What is the event that we're
deleting? And what's the ID? Because
that's the unique identifier for that
specific event. That's what we need. So,
we want to define it automatically by
the model. Which again, all of these
This right here wasn't before. It wasn't
here before. But now because the model's
got smarter, we're able to let AI
actually do it and let it handle it. And
that's fine. [music] And then we have
update an event which will be same
connection, set automatically, event
which will be update in this case.
Same calendar, event ID which is the
same as before. Use default reminders.
And now we give it a start and end date
which is the same as before. We're
basically saying, "Hey, this is the
start and this is the end, right? Of the
of the time frame that you want to
update." So, that there is for the
calendar agent. And then we go on to the
content creation agent. So, in this
case, we have descriptions. Call this
tool to create a blog post. The prompt
is automatically decided by the model.
It doesn't require any output format.
The fallback model, we don't need this.
And then we just have to use the system
message which in this case is you're an
expert blog writer. Use the appropriate
tool to write a blog post. In this case,
the only tool we have is Perplexity
which will be used to actually do the
research before we actually write the
blog post.
Um again, this is exactly what I told it
to do. And then some rules are that your
blog post should be less than 500 words
because we don't want it to be too big.
And also it can't send more than 500
words. Or I mean, I don't know how much
it can send. I don't know what the limit
is. But on Telegram, it can't send a
blog post to back to Telegram with more
than X words. So, we're just cutting it
off. And we're also saying output the
whole blog text. And then [music] final
reminder, we just give it a date and
time in case it needs to know. So, that
right there is the system prompt that we
tell the content creation agent to do.
And then we actually hook it up to
Claude. So, you see here we use OpenAI,
OpenAI, OpenAI.
Well, the reason why we're using Claude
in this case is because Claude is
extensively better at understanding and
making content. It's much better at
using words and creating words and
creating feelings out of words. That's
like the best way that I like to think
about it. So, that's why we use Claude.
If I go here, the way to connect your
Claude is
create a new credential. And all you
have to do is you have to go to
anthropic.com/console. So, let me go
here. anthropic.com/console.
You want to log in. And then you want to
get your API key right here.
Create a new key.
Name it whatever you want. So, let's do
test
N N
agent.
Add.
Copy the key. This will be the one that
you use to actually set back here.
Right? And then you'll save it. So, now
you connected your Claude. And then you
can leave this as Claude for Sonnet. And
now you want to hook up Perplexity to do
the research for this agent to make the
blog post. So, the way that we do that
is press plus, add Perplexity tool. And
then we go here, connect it. So, in this
case, the way that we connect it is go
here. And then in Perplexity, if you go
here, you can see that down below
to the account,
we go to API,
API keys.
You can create a new key.
Right? Or you can just copy here the one
that you already made. And this will be
the one that you then copy paste in
here, API key
to connect it. Set automatically,
message a model because that's the thing
that we're doing. Sonnet Pro is the
model that we're using.
You can use any other model. I think
this is fine, relatively fast. And then
the messages is what is the prompt that
we tell the AI to do. So, what is the
thing that we tell it to research? And
we let him this define it by the model
[music]
based on the context that we give. And
then you will leave it as user prompt
because user prompt is essentially your
task is to do XYZ. And that's fine. And
then we have maximum number of tokens
which will be automatically defined by
the model which just means that when a
blog is very very long and a lot of
words come out of it, it's usually token
intensive which means that it takes up a
lot of API credits. It's more expensive,
right? So, we would just want it to let
the AI handle the maximum number of
tokens. But we already told it to only
do 500 words. So, the tokens are already
restricted as to how many we're using
them. So, that's fine. And that's the
thing that we're going to use for
Perplexity.
So, let's actually test this cuz I
haven't tested the content agents. Let
me go here. Execute workflow. Let me go
to Telegram. "Can you send me a blog
about
why the Roman times
were the best
compared
to now.
Some random Okay, so we got here.
We'll then think through what he needs
to use.
He'll then know that he needs to use the
content creation agent. He'll talk to
Anthropic,
then Perplexity to do the research.
Again, it has different rounds, so it
does different types of research. And it
does take a bit longer than the others
just because it is content creation.
It's more uh time intensive. Now, it's
going back here. It's thinking through
what he needs to use. It'll now it'll
now format it in the right way so we can
send it to Telegram. And if I go here, I
can see that we have a blog about why
Roman times were better than compared to
I'm actually interested to see what it
says.
Why the glory rage of my phones?
Okay, it will probably say some some
stuff that um like smartphones are bad
for you or whatnot. Uh but yeah, this is
the whole blog that we have. All
automatically within what? Just a few
seconds. Well, I mean, like 20 seconds,
right? Uh so that's what we get there.
And this is the way [music] that we set
up the content creation agent. But
essentially, what this is, again, is a
multi-step agent. It's one agent that we
talk to you through Telegram through an
input and an output that has a memory
uh right here. It has a brain, which is
the LLM. And then it has different
tools. The tools are the things that it
calls when it needs to do something,
right? In this case, if it needs to get
a contact, it will talk to this tool.
Again, head of department uh of
contacts, head of emails, head of
calendar, head of content.
And then from there, it actually execute
the task, sends a response, and then
sends it back here. And then gives it to
us in a in a very clean, natural
language English way, right? That's what
it does. So that right there is a full
walk-through of the AI agent that I
built inside of N8N that manages my
contacts, calendar, emails, and even
drafts my content.
In today's video, I'm going to show you
step-by-step how I built a self-learning
AI agent inside of N8N that stores
long-term memory. It remembers past
[music] conversations from tools like
Telegram, and even improves itself over
time by writing new memories to our
database. All right, so the first thing
I want to do is actually show you the
live action of how it works. On the
left-hand side, we have Telegram because
Telegram is sort of like WhatsApp,
iMessage that you text the AI agent for
it to actually do something. On the
right-hand side here, we have
uh in the middle, we have the AI agent
in N8N. And right here, we have the
memory database. So database just stands
for a place where you put stuff, right?
In this case, it's going to be a Google
Sheet. And this is where we're going to
store information for the AI agent to
extract over time as it's giving us
answers. So I'm going to say
well, I mean, I like football. My
brother's name is James. I'm from Italy.
So let's do
what sport do I like?
In this case, it's talking to the
memory. It extracted all the
information, and now it tells us that I
like to play football.
Need some tips to want to talk to you
about strategies. What the hell, man?
Okay, there you go. All right, cool. And
we can ask any other questions. So let's
say I wanted to ask um
I also like dogs.
So let me run this first.
And then, let me put the message here.
And let me press go.
This will now this should add it to our
database.
You should see it right here. User also
likes dogs. As you can see, it's adding
information over time about the user so
that it comes to a place where you can
ask any questions about yourself or
whatever it is, or even your business or
your life in general, and it has
context, right? It has a database full
of contextualized information of who you
are, what you are, and sort of what what
it is that you're about, um and
different pieces of information like
this
that it can use to give you answers,
right? So it's much better than just a
normal AI agent that has no context to
you. All right, so before I get to
explaining the whole AI agent in N8N
step-by-step, I want to go through and
show you how this looks like in ChatGPT.
You're probably asking yourself, why is
this even relevant? Well,
the AI agent that we're building today
is an AI agent that has memory on you
and that updates itself over time
so that when it gives you answers, it
has context. You don't have to repeat
yourself. Now, with ChatGPT, we can go
to our profile. We can go to I believe
it's settings,
personalization. If you scroll all the
way down,
you can see here that it has memory.
Right now, it's 89% full, which means
that the memory of me that it has is 89%
full, and it goes to 100, and it can't
add more information. And if I go to
manage,
I can see now that it has different
pieces of information right here about
me
that it extracted or that it got
from the conversations that I've had
with it. Now, this is really really
powerful because it allows it to
reference saved memories
when responding.
And reference chat history as well. So
that every single time you go to
ChatGPT, you don't have to re-explain
who you are, what you've done, what your
business is, and so on. Um but the only
caveat to this is that it has a storage,
right? And the storage isn't a crazy
amount of information that you can add
there. Uh but it is still good to have
when you want to ask ChatGPT any
questions. So I wanted to give you this
as context when we explain how the AI
agent actually works on N8N. Now, I drew
up this diagram right here, which is the
easiest way for me to explain all these
concepts because it can get a bit
overwhelming with all this database,
storage, extract, information, XYZ. But
to put it in a simple way, what it is,
it's an AI agent that has an input,
okay? So we have an input, which is
Telegram. Hey, can you do XYZ?
What it does as a first step is that it
retrieves the information. Okay, so we
have this database right here,
which is called the memory AI agent,
which has different rows. And all these
different rows are pieces of information
that has about us. And this is what it
will use to then give us or use as
context to then give us the answer,
right?
And so that's what this is right here.
And when you hear database, it just
means an Airtable, it means a Notion, it
means a Google Sheet, right? Just so you
can store data. Then what it does is
that it sends the input plus the
retrieved information, so the memory,
all to the AI agent. And what the AI
agent does is the follows.
It looks at the information that it got,
and it thinks through itself.
Is this something that is worth me
adding to the memory database based on
the input? Or is it simply just a
question or a statement that we just
need to answer based on the context that
we got? So let's say I ask it like
before, I ask it, "Hey, what sport do I
like to play?" I say it says, "User like
to play sports." What it does, or user
like to play football. The input is,
"What sports do I play?" That's the
question. It retrieves all the
information from the database. Well,
clearly the AI agent knows that this
isn't a new piece of information. This
is just a question that we can simply
answer using the database that we have
here. So what it does is that it goes
straight here, and it generates a
contextualized answer. Now,
contextualized just means that it has
context. In this case, the context is
the database of memory of us,
right? And gives it the answer. And then
the output is
uh the output to the user. So in
Telegram, we get an answer back saying,
"Hey," or it just gives us the answer,
right? Like just like a general chatbot.
Now, there is a case where we give it
information, so we can say, "Hey, my
mom's name is Janette," or whatever it
is.
We give it here. Now, the AI agent will
have to classify whether that's worthy
of putting to the memory database.
If it is, then it adds the new
information there,
right? And it goes here. And so what it
becomes is again infinite loop that it
goes like round and round and round, and
it keeps getting smarter and smarter and
smarter. That's why we call it a
self-learning AI agent because it
self-learns, right? It self-learns based
on the questions and and statements and
the conversations that we give it. So in
N8N right here, essentially how it works
is that the first part is the input.
Okay, so all these nodes that you see
are actually quite easy. I'll take you
through exactly what it is. Uh the first
step is a Telegram trigger. So this
trigger right here is able for us to get
messages, right? So when I run this, let
me ex
Go here. Let me execute workflow.
Execute step. And I can pull up
Telegram.
And let's say I say, "My business name
is JM Solutions, and we help companies
be more efficient um
in their own workflows using AI and
automations." I can press go. What this
will now do, as you can see, it
triggered, which means that it sent the
information here for us to start the
conversation. Because a chatbot or an AI
agent needs to have an input, right?
Like what is the thing that we're
actually processing? What is the
information that we're processing? And
then output, which is giving us the
answer back. So right here in the schema
version, which is the normal person
version,
uh we can see that the text here is, "My
business is JM Solutions, XYZ." So now
that we have this part,
we send it two different ways. So the
first way will be to extract the memory
from here
because you're always extracting it over
and over again, right? So we have all
these pieces of information that we give
as context.
This is the first step that we do. So we
just connect it to the get rows in
sheet, which means that it gets all the
rows from the memory AI agent to Google
Sheet right here.
By the way, to connect your Google
Sheet, you have to go here,
sign in with Google.
That's it. And then we have to do sheet
one and leave all the filters alone
because in this case, we're just getting
all the rows,
and then we're giving it to the AI
agent.
Now, the only thing about this is, let
me just pin this. So if I pin this, I
don't have to rerun the whole thing
again.
The only thing about this is that it
gives it to us in nine items, okay? So
for those of you who are not familiar
with how arrays, iterating, aggregating
works, it's actually quite easy. So
as you can see here,
what this looks like is that this has
nine rows. So 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9. Right?
These nine rows are the ones that we
get, right? So in logic, if we tell to
Google Sheet, "Hey, can you get all the
rows?" it gets nine. The only problem
with that is that it then processes each
row individually, and that's not
something that we want. We want it all
to be in one place. As in, we get all
these pieces of information, all the
rows, and it makes it into sort of like
a paragraph that it then gives the AI
agent as context. And so to do that, to
make it into a paragraph, or to make it
into
we call it we to aggregate it, right? We
use the aggregate node. So as you can
see here by the diagram, we're basically
getting all these nine rows, and we're
merging them, so we're putting all in
one place
to then give uh to ChatGPT as or to the
AI agent in this case as context. So we
use the aggregate node,
individual fields because we're doing
individual fields, and then the input
field name will be the memory.
Because this is the memory.
All I did here is I just drag this
across.
Right? And so if I execute the step,
what it will now do is that it will take
the nine items because before as you can
see here it's nine items. I can't see
all of them in the same place.
Also here we put them all together and
now this will be the thing that we give
to ChatGPT or to the AI agent in order
for it to get context before giving us
the answer, right? And that's all we do.
That's the first part. And that's what
we give as a first input to the AI
agent.
The second input here is the Telegram.
So all this is is saying hey, we can
either give you text or we can give you
audio messages, right? So if it's a text
we send it here, if it's an audio
message we send it here. So the switch
node, this is basically it's a node so
like a square that allows us to send the
automation two different ways based on
something. In this case the filter or
the condition is if this variable exists
which is audio then we send it one way
to extract the audio to make the audio
into text and then send it to the AI
agent. But if this variable exist then
what we do is we send it to the text way
and it just simply goes straight to the
AI agent. Now how do we know what
variables to use? Well in this case we
know that whenever we do an audio
we get this variable. So let me just
actually test this and show you exactly
what I mean just so I'm not waffling.
Uh let me
do this. There you go. I can execute the
step.
Why did not work?
Oh right cuz it's pinned. Let me unpin
this.
Then you go here. Execute step.
Okay, again execute step.
Never mind. Again execute step.
Let me go here. Execute workflow. So
we'll now put a new message and let me
go to Telegram. Let me say let me put it
here.
Let me say
um hello hello hello hello hello.
What this will now do is it will send
the information in Telegram to the
switch node.
And now you can see that this is green
because that was a voice message. So we
know it's a voice message because this
variable right here or here or here or
here or here, right? These are only
present if it's a voice message.
And the same thing with text. This
variable is only present when it's a
text message. And so what we do here is
we split it out. So we're saying hey, if
it's a text send it here, if it's an
audio send it here. Now if it's an audio
we have to get a file because it is file
and the file has a file ID. So file get
and then the file ID you can find
right here.
File ID.
To then download it to then give it to
AI
to transcribe the recording. So to
connect your OpenAI you have to go here.
You need an API key. You can simply go
to platform.openai.com.
Go to
Is it dashboard? Yeah. Go to API keys.
Press this button right here. Name it.
So N 8 10
test. I think I've made like 30,000 of
these.
And then you can copy the key and that's
what you bring back to the N 8 10.
Important thing here is that this is not
free as in you do have to pay.
But luckily for you this is not
expensive at all. Um you can add $5 of
credits for your credit card here and
just leave it as is. $5 can last you
a long while. Obviously it depends on
how much you use it but this is like a
fraction of cents when you run it. So
it's not noticeable.
Um okay. Once you connected your OpenAI
now you can transcribe the recording
audio and the input data field name
which is what is the thing that we're
giving OpenAI to take as audio and turn
it into text? Well that's data.
Because if I test this if I go here
So I put this. We can see that the
output is data and that is the input on
the next node data. We just drag this
across and we get this. So now if I
execute the step I should be able to see
hello hello hello hello. There you go.
Which is the audio that we gave
Telegram. And that's the first input.
The second input is simply text and we
turn this to text JSON message of text
because because this is very important
because when we send the input here and
the input here we want the output of
both of these to be similar or to be the
exact same named variable, right? What
that means is that
the output here is text so [music] we
also want the output here to be text. So
instead of message of text because this
wouldn't be present here in the audio it
would have to be something that we can
manipulate here.
Text, right? So now we have both the
inputs are basically the same variable
but it sends it different ways based on
the input that we give it whether it's a
voice message whether it's a text. Now
we have the merge node which merges so
all possible combinations. What this
does is that it takes this it takes the
uh Telegram
input and now if I execute the step
so let me actually
Does it work? No it didn't work. Uh so
let me actually start from from scratch
here so I can show you exactly what that
looks like.
Execute workflow.
Let me unpin this.
Go to Telegram.
And I can say
What is my brother's
name?
Right now this goes here. It extracts
all the memory. So you see how all nine
items went through here and only one
came out
because it I put them all together. And
now this went this way because it was
text and in the merge node what this did
is that it merged the chief on the name
it merged
the text from Telegram and also the
memory. So these two pieces of
information are the ones that are going
to be directly given to the AI agent to
do its own thing.
All right, enough of that. That was the
boring part. Now we get to the fun part
which is the actual AI agent. So this is
the thing that will think through its
answers. It will then call the
the Google Sheet tool to add memory and
yeah. So the first step we have to do is
actually define the input. So the input
in this case will be JSON.text.
And this is the one right here because
this is the one from Telegram. The one
from Telegram is the actual thing the
user message because the user sent us a
message and that's the thing that we
send to this here. Now we have the
system message and the system prompt.
Now I'm going to show you at the end of
the video how to get the whole system
for free so don't worry. You'll have
this whole prompt. But what it actually
tells it is an overview. So memory
handling so some rules and stuff,
response styles, the context awareness
and basically telling it hey
you're getting this memory. Basically
use the memory tool when you have to add
a new memory.
Don't feel forced to use memories only
when they add value and that's why we're
giving AI sort of that task to to think
through. Is this worth putting in the
memory database? If yes put it if not
then just answer the question and so on.
Um
and let me give it a few rules, right?
The example format and even the current
date and time because AI is not good at
determining date and times. So we give
that as well. So again you get the whole
prompt for free at the end of the video
so don't worry. But this right here is
really the sauce of the whole system
because the prompt is the thing that
really gives the instructions to the AI
agent. So if you don't instruct it well
then you won't get the output that you
want. All right, so once this is done we
added the system message and the user
message.
Now we have to connect the chat model.
So the chat model is basically the
brain. In this case we have to use
OpenAI. Again follow the same process
before to connect your OpenAI. I mean if
you connected it before you'll have the
same connection here. Uh the model you
can use 4.1 mini that's good enough.
Then we have the memory which is able to
remember the actual conversation on
chat. This isn't this kind of memory. Uh
this memory is just for conversations on
Telegram.
And then we have our nice tool right
here
which is connected to again the same
exact database memory AI agent. And the
only action it takes is just adding more
and more and more and more and more. So
you basically just feed it more and more
memories uh more and more sort of
details about yourself as context. And
the memory itself so the values to send
is just a memory. And all we do here is
just press this button cuz we're letting
N 8 10 define what is the thing or how
do we want to structure the input. For
example here I didn't tell Telegram user
also likes dogs. I told it hey, can you
also add that I like dogs, right? And so
what it did is that we let AI define
what goes in here
and AI defined that it should put it in
this way. User also likes dogs. So that
it's easier for for the actual system to
know exactly what I'm talking about,
right? And once this is done we have the
tool connected.
And this is where we actually add the
the piece of information. So let me run
this and I can show you exactly how this
looks.
Let me go here.
In this case what we can do is we can
say I also own a NBA team
called
Dallas Tories.
Wish that existed. Uh what this did is
that now I called the tool. So now I
should see here
that it says user owned an NBA team
called Dallas Tories, right? And that is
giving us context for the future things.
And that's why we call it self-learning,
right? That's all it is. Self-learning
just means that it learns over time. And
so that's the reason why we connect this
tool right here to the AI agent giving
the context as well. And then finally we
connect this to the response of
Telegram. So to connect your Telegram
account I did mention this before but
all you have to do is you have to ask
the assistant AI
cuz it has a whole process. So these
right here are the steps you have to
follow. For the sake of time I'm not
going to connect it now
um but if you follow these you'll be
fine. And you just have to press this
button right here. And now we can put
message which is what is the thing that
we're manipulating or changing and the
operation which is what is the action
that we're taking. In this case it's
sending a message but you can do a bunch
of stuff.
And then the chat ID is the ID of the
chat, right? Logically that's what it
is. But the way that Telegram works is
that every conversation that you have
has an ID attached to it, right? And so
if we get an input from this ID then we
have to give the output to that ID. So
logically if we get an input from this
ID
then we have to give back the output to
that ID because then it's in the same
conversation. And then the text will be
the JSON.output which is the one here.
So I just drag this across.
So you can see here it says got it bro.
I just added you
that you own an NBA team called Dallas
Tories. Anything else you want to add or
chat about? What the hell man? There you
go.
And everything else keep the same. So,
now when we get the output, this is the
message that we come back to Telegram uh
to do its own thing. And now you get to
see exactly how it works, but this is a
very simplistic version of a
self-learning agent. I mean, we're using
Google Sheets. Typically, you wouldn't
use Google Sheets. You maybe have an
airtable or even a rag database, right?
To store these different pieces of
information. Uh but, you get to see the
the theory, right? The theory behind it.
How it actually works. How it functions.
So, now you can apply this to any kind
of other database tool to store
information and have that retrieve it
every single time that it gives you
answers.
Hey, I'm about to show you how I built
an AI resume screening agent in N8N that
allows applicants to put their CVs and
apply for a job. What it does is that it
then extracts the text from that CV.
It then matches the text of that CV to
another PDF which contains the
requirements of what a good applicant
looks like for that specific job. Then
it uses an AI agent in order to score
the applicant based on different
criteria. Then it sends a confirmation
email to the applicant itself before
adding it to our Notion database. All
right, I'm going to show you the full
system first before we go step-by-step
into how it works. Uh just so you can
see the output. I'm going to press
execute workflow.
And this would be the form that the
applicant would fill out. All right, so
I just finished the application. And
also important to know that the job that
we're applying for is an investment
banking form or job, right? Um so, bear
in mind because the CV is tailored
towards that job. I'm going to press
submit. What this will now do is it will
go to Google Drive. It will upload the
resume. It will download the resume to
then extract the text. It will then go
to this folder right here which contains
a document which basically outlines the
qualification uh for that specific job
before giving it to the AI agent, the
text or the qualification plus the text
of a CV
before scoring it and sending the
applicant confirmation email and then
adding it to our Notion database. So, if
I go to my email here, I can see that I
have thank you for your application. Hi,
Mickey Kelly. Thanks for applying. We
received your application and our team
will review it shortly. We'll get back
to you soon with the next steps. Best
James Solutions. Obviously, we can
remove this, which is the N8N
attribution, and I'll show you exactly
how to do that. But just so you know, we
got it here. And if I go to my tracker,
I should be able to see myself in the
high ranking where we have Mickey Torti,
Kelly Torti, email, phone number. Not
only that, but we get to see the resume
link. We get to see the strength, the
weaknesses, the risk factor, the reward
factor, which are all different pieces
of information that's really really
really important for someone to then go
in and see exactly
why the person scored eight out of 10.
Why are they a high-ranking applicant
versus a medium or low-ranking
applicant? Like, what is that thing that
differentiates them and gives us data
based on that? Okay? So, with that said,
let's go step-by-step into the system
and how it works. And if you want a full
system for free, make sure to check out
the first link down below, which takes
you to my free school community right
here.
Then you go to classroom, go to the
templates vault, and then you'll be able
to see the AI resume screening agent.
Press this button to download it and
then import it into your own N8N
account. And if you have no clue how to
do that, no worries at all. You can also
go here, zoom in, and you will have a
tutorial right here. And by the way, if
you apply and you get in, you also get
access to the AI automations 101 course,
which is a comprehensive guide that
takes you from a real beginner in AI
automation to someone who's able to
build automations for themselves or for
their businesses. All right, so let's go
through this step-by-step and I'll walk
you through my thought process as I
would wanted to build this. Um I
basically wanted a system that could
process resumes, right?
And so, when we think of structuring a
system, we always think in inputs and
outputs, right? If I go here to my Miro,
which is where I basically map
everything out. Um the input in this
case would be the application, but
realistically it would just be the CV,
right? Cuz that's the thing that we're
that we're going towards. And the output
would be
read data, like results,
and data
on the CV
based on job,
right? qualification.
So, it's basically saying, "Hey, we have
a CV. How well did they compare to that
job uh from the CV that we have?"
So, the input CV and the last thing is
this, which is typically what a HR role
is. It's just simply to look at the
applicant. Are they good enough or are
they not good enough? Uh now, the next
step here
is to obviously extract the text.
There's a few steps before, but extract
text from CV.
Then match
against
qualification.
And then we want to use
AI agent to score.
All right, this is why I do this. Then
we want to send applicant email.
Be connected. This will be connected
right here, right here.
And then we get the results and data on
the CV based on job qualification, which
will then be added to our Notion
database. Cool. This is important
because this is how you structure
systems. Like, how do we think about
doing things? Like, what is that
sequential order that we go through when
building these automations? Now, the CV
itself has to be an input coming from
somewhere. It can be a Google Drive. It
can be a Google Form. It can be in this
case an N8N [music] form, a native form,
uh where someone can just submit it and
just give us the CV, which then kicks
off the um well, you could say the
automation, right? And so, the first
step to this automation is the job
application. It's us actually getting
the details. So, if I go in here, I can
see that we have job application. Please
fill out this form right here. Uh we
have the full name,
the email,
the phone number,
and then the resume. So, the resume is
really the thing that we I mean, we care
about the others as well, right? Cuz we
have to know their name. But, the resume
is the thing that we actually use to be
able to then score the applicant based
on the qualifications for that job. And
so, [music]
the way that we do this is make sure
that the element type So, this is
saying, "Hey, what is the kind of
response format that we want from this
field?" In this case, it's a file. It's
a bunch of fields that you can use, but
in this case it's a file because we want
a file from the applicant. Multiple
files is the same thing. Hey, do we
accept multiple files? Honestly, I don't
know why I have this on. I would
typically have this off because a CV is
one. Uh and we don't want multiple CVs
to then cuz there's one applicant. Um
and then the accepted file types, you
can leave empty to allow all the types
of files. So, it can be a PNG image,
JPG, can be a HEIC.
It can also be a PDF. In this case, uh I
would just like a PDF version. That's
the best way that we can use to then be
able to extract the text and I guess
compare it to the other one. Um and
that's it. So, we have a form which
looks like this. Full name, email, phone
number, and resume. And resume, as you
can see,
makes you choose a file.
And it doesn't let you choose
everything. It only lets you choose the
things that are PDFs, which is great.
All right, cool. Um so, once this is
done, the first part is obviously
connecting our Google Drive to N8N.
>> [music]
>> You have to go right here, create a new
credential, and you need a client ID and
client secret. For the sake of time, I'm
not going to go into this, but you can
check out this video up here if you want
to um see how you can do that, which
will take like 5 minutes. Uh and [music]
then we want to do file upload resume
because that is the name of the file
that we get.
The file name will be the person's name
/CV. And then you could add it to a a
folder called resumes or uh new
applicant resumes, right? For in this
case,
the root folder will be no folder. It
will be anywhere in the Google Drive.
But you could obviously put it in a
folder if you want everything organized
in one place.
After this, uh in order for us to be
able to extract the text from the CV,
first have to upload it. Then we have to
download it. So, we're downloading the
file, which you can find right here, ID.
And that's the thing that we use to then
download the file using the same
connection, right? And we get the data.
And this is where we're able to then
pull through to the next node, which is
extract from file. So, we're extracting
text from a PDF. And fundamentally, the
reason why we're doing these steps
before adding it to the AI agent is
because we can't give the AI agent two
files, right? Which is why we have to
download well, upload them in this case,
download them, and extract the text
right from the PDF.
And in this case, the uh operation,
which is what is the action that we're
taking, is extract from PDF. The input
binary field because this is binary.
When a file is uploaded and is
downloaded, it's binary. Uh that's just
a format. And then the data itself is
the data, right? Which is this one right
here. Always match this with this. As
you can see here, the output will be
text that would then be used, right?
The one I have here.
Now, once this is done, this is the
first step where we actually have to
extract the text from the CV that we're
getting from the applicant because
that's the first step. The second step
is this. So, we have this Google uh
Drive folder. And this is where this
part comes in, right? Matching against
qualifications. So, when we have to
match a CV against qualifications, you
can either add the qualifications or
rules in the AI agent or you can simply
just have another document, which can be
as long as you want, that will then be
used extract the text from here, of
course, and then be used to match the
text of the CV that we then give to the
AI agent to then qualify the applicant
and give us the results, right? And so,
what we do in this step is we have the
CV from the applicant. We basically turn
that into text. Then we have the initial
job, which is this one right here from
this folder. And the reason why we're
doing it in a Google Drive folder is
because we can then add more files and
we don't have to change this one right
here, the prompt here, because the
prompt will be dynamic based on the um
the thing here. And we're downloading
it,
right? Which is the investment banking
intern PDF, which again is the
qualifications. Like, what does good
look like for this job? We extract the
text from here because we're extracting
the text to then have the second pillar
because you have the CV and then we have
what does good look like for that
specific job.
And then these two pieces of data cuz
again, here will be job description
will then be used to send
to the AI agent, okay? And this is where
we start to analyze the CV.
So again, we get the CV
text and then get the job application,
which is what does good look like for
that specific job. He then turns that
into text. So, we have two pieces of
text and then add all of that into the
AI agent. If I go in here,
I can see that the prompt that I have is
a user prompt and a system prompt. The
first step here is making sure that we
have defined below because we want to
define exactly what the input is. This
is not a chat to the AI agent type
agent. And so, the user prompt in this
case is like what is the information
that we give the AI agent for it to
actually think through through its
system message what it needs to do,
right? And so, the prompt that we give
it is a candidate's resume, which we
pull in from the first extract from
file, which is the text right here.
Put it through.
And the [snorts] job description
requirements, which you get, which is
the one here.
You put it here.
Right. So, we have the candidate resume
and the job description resumes. And we
turn this on. So, require specific
output format and I'll show you exactly
why we do that. But, the system message
is really the thing that matters the
most. And this is quite extensive. We
have the overview. So, you're an expert
technical recruiter specializing in XYZ.
The output should be in the following
exact formats. So, we have candidate
strength, weaknesses, risk factor,
reward factor, overall fit, and
justification for rating. So, these are
the different pieces of information that
we want from the AI to do. So, it's an
extensive analysis of both the CV and
the qualification of what it looks to be
good for that specific job. And then we
give the job description here, which
again is basically like a double input
because we give it also here. Um I don't
think you have to give it in both ways,
but you can.
Now, one important thing is that I did
tell it to give me the output as
candidate strength, which is one
variable, weakness, another one, risk
factor, reward factor, and overall fit
and justification. So, six variables.
When we give AI the ability to give us
six variables,
we want the output to look like this.
Right? And for the output to look like
this, we have to get it in a very very
specific format. And in order for us to
get something in a very specific format,
we have to make sure that we have a
structured output parser. So, this is
saying, "Hey, this is the data that's
unstructured. That's a block of text,
right? Which contains weaknesses,
strength, XYZ." And then we run it
through this right here.
This code, which is defined using JSON.
And if you're looking at this and
thinking, "What even is this?" It's
actually quite easy. Ah, so don't worry.
But, what it is, it's JSON that tells
us, "Hey, we want the output in
description. We want the candidate
strength. We want the weaknesses. We
want the um the risk factor, which is an
object, explanation, which is a string."
So, these are all different types of
variables and we give the explanation of
what each one does, right? We'll do
description, description, and so on. And
so, [music] what happens here is that it
first talks to this chatbot, which you
connect here.
Go to OpenAI.
And then connect your OpenAI by going to
platform.openai.com.
You can go to dashboard
right here. You can go to API keys.
Create a new secret key. Make a key
right here. And then paste that key back
into N 8 N, right? And then you press
save and you connect it. GPT-4.1 mini is
great.
Once you have this connected, right?
This is the thing that it will use to
then think through exactly what the
rating could be. Yeah, how it would rate
the applicant based on the requirements
for that job. And so, again, we get two
different pieces of information here. It
then ranks or it then rates this. Let me
show you exactly what if we don't have
this.
Pin this.
Pin. I believe you can pin this.
Okay, cool.
Here I can execute step. Please unpin
extract text and try again. Okay, I
think I have to start from zero. That's
okay. That is okay. That is okay. I'll
start from zero. Let's do it. Let me
unpin this. Let me extract that. [music]
Let me go here.
Let me put a CV. Just submit this. Put
some random email. I just want you to
see exactly like what it would look like
if we didn't have this plus when we do
have this.
So, it's doing everything that we want.
And now the AI agent, well, as you can
see, we got the output. And the output
in this case, as you can see, is just a
block of text.
It's a block of text that looks like
this,
which has all the weaknesses, all the
strength, and so on. So, something like
this we can't add into a database in
Notion,
right? Or anywhere in Google Sheets,
whatever it is they use,
in a very structured format with each
column. And so, what we do is then we
add this here, right? We are able to
then um
make sure the information is in
different variables.
The next step, once we have this, once
you have the whole rating, weaknesses,
strength, XYZ, or we go to the next
step, which is sending an email. So, we
send a confirmation email.
Uh this is a Gmail node. All you have to
do is first connect your account. Sign
in with Google,
which will take you to this page. Make
sure you have the right account.
Then bring it back. Very very easy.
And then we want to do message because
that is the thing we're manipulating.
Send because that is the action we're
taking.
To, so who are we sending the email to?
Well, this is something that we get from
here, the email.
Subject line, thank you for application.
And then we want to put the body um
the text, right? And the way that we do
that is through HTML. HTML is just the
way that you make your emails look
pretty. You could also not use HTML and
it doesn't really matter.
You were not adding any links or
anything. Um
and the email is hey.
So, hey us in this case because S is a
the full name. Let me go here for a
second.
Let me manipulate the the full name so
you get to see what an actual full name
looks like.
Mikaela Torti.
There we go. Save.
And here
you get to see
that the full name turns into a first
name. And the way that we do that is
using formulas. So, the formula here,
the way that it works, and this might
look complex to someone who has never
seen uh this type of formulas, but it
looks like this, right? And the logic
that I go through when I make formulas
is the following. So, we have the full
name,
which is Mikaela Torti.
And the full name, ideally, is Mikaela
Torti. is separated into the first name
and the last name. And between the first
name and the last name, there is a a
space.
So, if we split this and this by the
presence of a space, then we get
this. We get one
and we get two.
And now, if you want to get the first
one,
then we just have to use
first
to then get
the uh the first name. So, the way that
this works is that we're saying, "Okay,
this is the full name cuz this is the
variable.
Let's split this by the presence of a
space because this is the space.
And then let's get the first one.
Mikaela.
Right? And it's actually quite easy once
you actually break it down that way.
But, if you look at this
at hand side, you think, "What what the
is this?" Um but, that's what it
means. So, "Hey Mikaela, thanks for
applying. We received your application
and our team will review it shortly.
We'll get back to you with the next
steps um as well. We should probably be
able to put this right here,
which by the way, this stands for
>> [music]
>> break.
This is a new line, right? So, we have
new lines here.
That's it.
And then we have Notion. So, the way
that Notion works is that we set up a
workspace so that we have one database.
So, this is the same exact database,
right? This, this, this, and this. It's
just the way that we look at the
database just different. So, in here, we
have a filter,
which is like, "Hey, the low applicants
are everybody that has a score less than
five.
Medium applicants are the ones that have
a score more than four and less than
seven. And then high-ranking applicants
have a score
um more than six, right? And that's it."
But, if I just took the filter out
right here, you could see that I have
the applicant right here. It's just
because we have a filter that we don't
see the applicants. So, we're able to
just basically sort or filter by all the
low applicants, medium, and high-ranking
as well. And then we have applications,
which shows us the amount of
applications that we get over time,
right? Now, you could use a Google
Sheets for this. It's not really crazy
one of a difference. It's just the fact
that we can filter and we can do so much
more in Notion than we can on Google
Sheets. So, when we set this up, the
first thing you have to do is go in
here.
You have to make sure that you can
create a new credential. I recommend
that you ask the AI assistant for what
to do here
cuz it is a bit of a longer process, but
actually takes 2 minutes.
Um and get the internal um integration
secret. By the way, the alternative of
this is Google Sheets, so you can use
either.
And it walks you through everything. Um
yeah.
And then, once you have that, make a
database that has these columns right
here. Applicant name, first name, last
name, email, phone number, application
date, resume, strength, weakness, risk
factor, reward factor, overall fit, and
justification. And these are the fields.
So, in this case, we have a title, which
is
the name,
first name, which is the name first
name, last name, last name, email,
email, phone, and so on. And now, we
actually forgot to put the date.
So, you can put a date as now. And the
way that that works is it's asking me
for a date.
And I know that the
the date in N 8 N is curly brackets
because it's inside a variable, right?
So, we have a variable here,
which is like this. Inside, what you do
a dollar sign.
Now.
And this is the output that we get. Now,
ideally, we don't want it in this output
because we still have words.
So, we put a format
like this.
So, we format it in this way, which will
then be good to then send it to Notion.
And then we have the resume,
uh strength, and weaknesses, and risk
factor, reward factor, overall fit, and
justification. So, these are all the
fields that we're going to Notion to
then uh rate the applicant. And that's
how we get everything
to here.
Right? Applications, uh high-ranking,
and low-ranking, and so on.
All right. Let's start from zero and
I'll take you through exactly like the
the data and so on, which I did before,
but now we go into detail. Want to
execute a workflow.
I'm going to call this
let's say James Low.
My email still. Phone number.
Then my CV, which is not really my CV.
It's one of my friends. So, if you're
looking at this, man, we'll we'll break
it out to everyone. Uh press submit.
And then this now goes to the to the
Google Drive folder. It downloads the
file. It extracts the text.
Right? So, we have the text.
It extracts this uh PDF's text,
right? Right here. It then uses AI
to think through its output right here.
And now I get me an error. So, what was
the error?
Send email confirmation. Unable to sign
in. Oh, okay, cuz I put the wrong
account. There we go.
Yeah, I think this works. Execute step.
Yeah, send. And then lastly,
we have notion, right? Which adds the
applicant, James Low, should be able to
add it to the high ranking, James Low.
There you go, with everything.
Even the date right here. As you can
see, it's different from this one
because we forgot to add it there. We
have the resume link right here.
And then we have the strength, weakness,
risk factor, reward factor, overall fit,
and justification. That's it. Now,
something like this could be very, very
beneficial for any kind of business that
is hiring new applicants. And there's so
much more that you can do with hiring.
Because stuff like these takes 10, 15
minutes, or even 5 minutes for someone
to match a CV to someone else or to
another qualification. And if they have
hundreds of applicants, then that's
hundreds of hours that they have to
spend to actually doing this tedious
task that AI could literally do in
seconds. And teams literally spend tens
of thousands of dollars of for people or
team members to be able to do this task,
which is insane. Cuz now AI could
actually do them for you.
Hey, in this video I'm going to build an
email classifier AI agent inside of N8N
that watches your emails coming through.
It then classifies them based on
different criterias. It then uses a
series of AI agents that will now write
back an email, which will then be
drafted into our inbox. All right, so
this right here is the email classifier
system. All I have to do is send myself
an email. I'm going to go here. So I
said, "Hey, question about company. Hey
Mick Kelly, I have a quick question.
What do you guys do and what is your
service?" I'm going to press send.
This should now come to this inbox. As
you can see, we just got the email,
question about company. All I have to do
here, I'm going to test this. I'm going
to press execute workflow. This will now
get the email that it used. It
classified it as a customer support
email. It will now generate a draft
email that we can find here. If I go to
support, I can see that this email right
here, question about company.
See here? And we generated a draft email
to that question that we can now
double-check before sending it to the
customer who wrote the email. And this
is the exact same concept when it comes
to high priority, promotion, and finance
and billing. Right. Here we have
promotion, priority, and finance and
billing. All right, so let's build the
whole system step-by-step. As I always
say, we shouldn't build it first, we
should map it out first to then have a
strategy or an action plan when we build
it, cuz it makes it so much easier for
us. I'm going to go here, and for every
automation that we do, we have an input
and we have an output. All right, so in
this case, the input would be the email
coming through. So, watch your emails.
Then we want to classify the email,
right? Cuz we want to have that first
before
labeling it and before writing a draft
email that will then be drafted into our
inbox, right? So, we have this step
right here. We have uh label email.
Or was it classify email? Yeah, classify
email. And we can classify it based on
support.
We had What was it? Priority.
We then had urgent. No, that was urgent.
Was it urgency?
Promotion, finance and billing, and
priority. Yeah.
Promotion.
Finance and billing.
All right, so we are taking
the new emails that come through from
our inbox.
We are then sending it to an AI to
classify emails based on whether they
are support, priority, promotion, and
finance and billing. Then what we're
doing at that point is we are
sending it. Let me put it here. We're
sending it
to the appropriate AI agent.
To AI agent.
To correct AI agent.
No, actually no, we should label the
email first, right? Label the email.
And then we
use
AI agent
to
draft email reply.
And then we actually draft a reply
to inbox.
So, that's I think that's the I think
that's what we want to do. Keep it
simple, right? We're getting an email,
classifying it, then we're sending it to
the appropriate AI agent to do its own
thing, to label it first.
Or you can do that you can do the
inverse as well. You can
generate a reply and then label it, but
I feel like
um it'd be easier to just label it first
and then draft it. And then we actually
draft a reply to the inbox. I do think
though that when the email is urgent, we
shouldn't draft a reply to the inbox. We
should send message to team on Telegram.
Okay? Because the fact that they're
urgent makes it so that we have to
notify our team to do its thing. To
actually go there and and and check it
and send it through. Um
or reply themselves, right? In that
case.
All right, so we're going to use this
when we actually build the system. So,
let me go to a new workflow. All right,
I have a new workflow right here. I can
put email classifier AI agent. And now,
the way that we start is with the first
step. So, the first step is watching
your emails. So, I go here.
And I go to Gmail, because that is the
provider. If you're using Outlook, I
believe that you can do it.
Outlook. On message received. Yeah, so
you can do it.
Um
but we're using Gmail cuz we're Google
folks.
And then, the first step of the
automation is a trigger. So, the trigger
is what is the thing that starts
automation? Like how do how do we start
it? Well, in this case, we only have one
trigger, which is on message received.
Which is basically saying, "Hey,
when we receive a message, in this case
a message is an email, then we start the
automation." And the first thing we have
to do is connect our account to N8N. All
you have to do is create new credential.
You can press sign in with Google. This
will take you to this page right here.
Choose an account and then bring it
back.
I already have it connected.
Which would be James Solutions email.
And now, we are given different options.
So, we're given poll times, which means
do you want to check it every minute? Do
you want to check it every hour, every
day, every week, every month, every X
custom? In this case, we can just do
we can just leave it. Leave it blank.
And the event itself will be message
received, right? Because that is the
action that we're doing. We're receiving
a message and then we're starting the
automation. Simplify just means you want
to simplify the data that we get
through. And I'll show you exactly what
what that looks like. And
that's it.
So, we're going to need to test this by
sending ourselves an email
to the inbox of the email that you
connected the Gmail with.
So, I'm going to go here, send myself an
email.
Customer su-
support question.
Hey, what's your return policy?
I'm going to press send.
I'm going to go to my inbox. All right,
so we have the email here, customer
support question. And now I can press
execute workflow. So, this is now
testing the the actual automation. Cuz
when we build automations,
uh even AI agents, I mean everything in
general with N8N, we want to be able to
test every single time.
So, we have this here.
This is the data that we got.
Hey, what's your return policy? I
believe this is because we put an
apostrophe, and this is how it um
classifies it.
I'm going to pin this so that when I go
to the next steps, I don't have to rerun
the automation every single time. All
right, now once this is done, I can go
to the next step. So, this is green
to classify the email based on whether
it's support, priority, promotion, and
finance and billing.
I'm going to go here, press plus. I'm
going to go classify text classifier
right here. It's actually a pretty good
feature, I'm not going to lie.
Um because we are
as in the system is set up so that we
give a text, which is the snippet,
which is the actual email. [music] And
then, what we do is we start adding
categories. So, categories would be
maybe the support, and you put a
description of what a support email is.
So,
this is for support emails asking just
general questions. Then category, you
can do priority.
Can do email require attention, action
typically from key stakeholders,
clients, ASAP, immediate deadlines, all
that stuff. Then we have the next one,
which is uh promotions.
I'm going to go here, promotions. And
then, this will be emails related to
marketing campaigns and so on. Or
description, emails related to finance
matters such as invoices, billing
statements, payment reminders, uh or
expense reports, anything involved
transactions and so on. Okay? So, again,
we have the support, which is this, and
I'm going to paste the one that I had
before cuz it it is more sophisticated.
So, emails related to ongoing
communication with current clients or
including stakeholders, including
service requests, feedback, support
tickets, and inquiries, keyword
requests, and So, we give it a few
examples of also keywords. Same thing
with priority.
Promotions. And we have
finance and billing.
And one thing we also have is the system
prompt template. We'll leave it like
this. I think it's pretty good. Please
classify the text provided by the user
into one of the following categories,
categories, which is the ones up here.
And use the provided formatting
instructions below. Don't explain and
only output the JSON.
Which is perfect. So, now if I execute
this step,
a model subnode must be connected.
Right. I don't know why I'm tripping,
but we have to connect the model to this
because it is run by AI.
Uh and feel free to choose anything,
even OpenAI, it's fine. In order to
connect your OpenAI, make sure to go to
platform.openai.com.
You can go to the dashboard.
Go to API keys.
Make a key right here.
And then copy the key and bring it all
the way back to N8N.
And then connect your account. Press
sign in.
Once this is done, you will have your
account connected. You can use 4.1 mini.
We have different models as well that we
can use. I think 4.1 mini is great. In
my previous video, I spoke about how you
can use OpenRouter, which is the thing
that allows us to be able to choose any
model that we want without having to
make a cloud connection, OpenAI
connection, everything else. Check it
out up here. Um
good video.
But now we use OpenAI. So, now we can
execute this step. This should now work.
And we can see that
these are all the branches that we have,
support, priority, and promotions,
finance and billing. And it went down
the support branch.
Because the question was, "Hey, what's
your return policy?" So, that is a
support question.
So, you can see here, we have different
options, right? Cuz we put different
categories and each category represents
a path that the automation can go
through. Like priority, promotions,
finance and billing. So, what we're
going to do now is we're going to go to
the next steps, which is
not this. This is green.
Labeling the emails, right? And so, if I
go to here, I can then add the node,
which is Gmail.
I believe this is add label to message.
Same connection.
The resource, which is what is the thing
that we're actually manipulating, it
will be message. The action that we're
taking is operation. The message ID is
something that you can actually get
down here.
So, this will be
ID.
And if that's not the right one, then
we'll we'll change it later. But, I
believe this Yeah, this is ID. And then,
the label names or IDs, you can choose
from your inbox right here, right? Now,
as you can see here, I already have the
different labels. So, if you don't see
them here,
it's because you didn't add them here.
So, if I add, let's say
test, right? If I press create,
now I have test. If I go here,
I should be able to see
test. Let me refresh actually. It
doesn't show immediately.
There you go, test, right? So, it's only
because you don't have them here that it
doesn't show up on end-to-end. So, make
sure to add your labels to your emails
uh to then be able to see them in your
automation so you can add them to the
inbox.
Cool. So, now this will be the first
category, which I believe is support.
So, support.
There we go.
Can do label
equal
support.
What we're going to do now is we're
going to hover over this. We're going to
copy and paste.
And this will be priority. High
priority. Yeah, priority right here.
Change the name to
priority.
Same thing with here. Promotions. And
then, finance and billing.
You could You could put a Gmail
label thing every single time, but just
to save yourself those
>> [snorts]
>> few minutes, you can just copy and
paste. Here will be promotions. So, this
will be promotions.
And this will be
promotions.
And down here, we finance and billing.
Finance and billing.
And down here, you can put finance and
billing.
So, now, in theory, when it classifies
it, it should classify it and actually
label the email on our inbox. So, if I
pin this,
I should Actually, no. Never mind. Let
me not pin this. Let me just run this.
Execute workflow. This should now
classify to support and this should be
labeled as support. So, if I go here,
the email that we received, customer
support question,
this is now labeled as support. As you
can see, it just changed. So, which is
good. And now that we know that this
works, we can go to the next step, which
is
um using AI to draft an email reply.
So,
in order for us to draft a reply, we can
use the AI agent.
Because the thing is, we can also
connect it to the tool, which is draft
an email, right? So, it does two in one.
It drafts a reply and also drafts it in
our inbox. So, the first thing I have to
do is
create a chat model,
right? And connect it to our chat model.
One hack that we typically do with AI
agents, especially when you have five or
six,
is you connect them all to the same
tool. You could just duplicate it here.
You can just go
delete and then choose open AI.
But,
for it to look less tools and less stuff
on the screen, you can just drag it
across here.
So, now this is connected to the chat
model. Then, we're going to go inside
here. We're going to name this
uh customer
support agent.
The user message will not be chat to
your node because we're not chatting to
it in this case.
We are just defining it below.
And now here, I should add the text for
the email.
Okay, I think we're missing something.
I think we are. Because if I go here, I
don't actually see the text. I see the
snippet. But, the snippet is basically
the the cut version of the email. So, if
the email is longer, then it will cut
it. It will give us a snippet of it. So,
all we have to do, I think, is simplify.
Yeah.
I'm going to run this again.
Uh I'm going to send myself an email.
What's your policy for returns and what
do you guys do as a company?
I'm going to press send. As you can see,
we have the email right here. Uh
customer support. And now if I go here
to end-to-end, I can fetch test event.
Okay, there we go. So,
when I added simplify, it didn't show me
all these things, but we want the text.
Like we want the actual text.
Perfect. Let me pin this. If I go here
to the AI agent, I can give it the
uh email text
and email from.
Or maybe I do the opposite. Yeah, I do
the opposite.
Uh email from and email text.
Gmail trigger, the email
from.
Let's see if I can just go here.
From. There we go.
From my character right here. And then,
the email text
will be this.
Right? And this is what we give the AI
as a user message because there's two
types of messages or prompts in this
case. There is a user and there's a
system. The user in this case is like
what is the thing that we're giving it
every single time.
As in variables that change. Then, do we
have a system message,
which is simply the instructions, right?
So, we give it the information on user.
We then give it the instructions on
system so that it uses the instructions
with the the variables that we give it
every single time to do the task. And
so, right here, I'm going to paste the
prompt that I have made before.
I'll go here.
Expression.
Go big and then paste it.
And
so, for the system message, I'm going to
go full screen. I'm going to say
we typically structure our prompts with
an overview. Then, we have tools.
And then, we have rules.
Tools and rules.
So, overview would be I want to say
you're a customer support representative
named Kelly. Your job is to respond to
customer inquiries in a friendly and
professional manner. Then, the tools.
So, what is it What tool are you
connecting to this? Well, in this case,
we're connecting the draft email. Right?
So, if we go here to eGmail, we can do
draft.
Message draft.
Or was it draft? Yeah, draft here.
Create the draft. The subject line, I'm
going to let it do its thing.
Like this is basically means let AI
define this based on the context that it
was given.
Then,
the message as well.
Let the model define this parameter.
This is great for us because we don't
have to give it a variable every single
time. We can just press this button,
which makes it so much easier for us to
draft emails and reply things back uh
because of this feature as well. And
then, we're also doing the email to
email to and the email to will be the
email that we get the email from, which
will be
this right here.
And also, in addition to that, we want
the thread ID.
Now, the thread ID makes it so that when
we go to, let's say, support,
here. Yeah. You see how it replied on
the thread? So, the thread just means in
the same conversation. Because the
opposite of that could be that we have
this just as a reply as a draft on a
separate email, but it's not in the same
thread. So, this allows us to be able to
have the same conversation. It's sort of
like a chat ID on on Telegram.
Um it's the same. So,
you can say uh thread ID and we can find
the thread ID.
Where can we find it? There we go.
Thread ID.
This will be the tool that we use that
we connect all the tools to. Cuz again,
just like we can connect the chat model
to the same tool, we can also create a
draft an email tool and we can connect
it to all the AI agents who make the
emails. So, in this case, we have
customer support agent
with small g. I don't know why it spaces
me off. Um and then, we have
this is it. I'm going to test this. I'm
going to go execute workflow.
Text to classify. Oh, okay. Okay. Got
you.
Cuz we also have to change this. So, if
I go here,
text.
And then, we paste this.
Again, make sure this is not simplify.
Because simplify gives you less
variables.
Um I'm going to press execute workflow
again. This will now classify it. It
will label it as support. And then, it
will use the AI agent to reply an email
or to make a reply. I'll put subject
line.
Now, the one thing
that I don't know why it didn't do
is it didn't call the tool. I know why.
Because we didn't tell what tool it
needs to call. So, I'm going to rename
this draft
email.
I'm going to go inside.
I'm going to go in the prompt and going
to say draft email. Use this to send an
email reply to customer. Always sign off
as James from ABC Corp.
And the rules is
keep the emails
concise.
That's it. Keep the email concise. Um
I'm going to execute the workflow again
so you get to see how it now calls the
tool. It's all prompting, right? Like AI
agents are all prompting.
Because if it wasn't for the prompt, it
wouldn't have called this tool. The text
right here, I believe. Yeah, return
policy. What's your return policy? And
this is the answer that it gives. Our
return policy allows customers to do
XYZ.
All right. Now that we have this, we can
now replicate this for pretty much all
the other agents.
I'm going to copy this. I'm going to
paste this.
I'm going to paste this here.
The only thing we'd have to do is that
for label priority,
let me actually see if I can change the
order. Let me change the order here.
Because
I want priority to be first cuz priority
goes to a different way. And go here,
and put a space, paste this.
Then go back here, and then this be the
thing here. So, I just switched it
because I want
priority to go to goes first, and then
support to go second. All right, cool.
Now that you have this, we are able to
then rename the agents.
So, the chat model here will be
connected to here.
This will be connected to here. It looks
a bit messy, cuz we need to space it
out. So, let me
space this out a little bit. And then go
here.
Chat model will go here.
And now I'm going to
add this here.
Put this down here.
It's also important for you, when you
build automations, for it to actually
look
clean or structured.
Um so, it makes the, I guess, visual
when you're debugging it and so on, a
lot better.
Um and so, now we have customer support.
We can do promotional
promotional agent.
We can do finance agent.
Let's hook this up to the same tool.
Right? Because the only difference
really is is a label, right? And then we
make a reply. But And we do have to
change part of the prompt, right? So, we
have to go inside finance and say, "You
are a
finance support representative team
Kelly."
to customer inquiries to finance
inquiries.
This will be promotional. So, you are a
promotion no support representative
to promotional queries.
That's it. And then this one will be
priority.
And the message will be different. So,
when I paste this, you're an agent in
charge of high priority emails. Your job
is to summarize incoming emails and
escalate them to the human. And the tool
will change, right? So, we're not using
the draft email anymore. We're using
Telegram.
So, in this case, tool
we can search for Telegram.
Telegram tool. And in order to connect
your Telegram here,
just follow this step-by-step guide. For
the sake of time, I'm not going to be
able to show you step-by-step how to do
it, but
if you follow these instructions, you'll
be good.
And now,
you have this. So, the message is the
thing that we're manipulating. The
operation will be send the message. The
chat ID, I don't think we need it,
right? To be honest. Yeah, we don't need
it. And the text itself will be
defined by the model. I mean, we do need
it, right? But we can define this. We
can let We can let this be defined. Or
not, right? Like I mean, if I'm wrong,
I'll we'll fix it, but there we go.
Reply markup none.
Okay.
So,
Telegram.
And what I'm going to say here is,
"You're an agent in charge of high
priorities, and the tool you're going to
use is Telegram. Use this email to send
the summary of the email once it's
summarized."
Look at that English. Use this email to
send the summary of the email once it's
summarized. That's fine.
And now, what we can do is test it. So,
test this right here.
I'm going to go here. Want to press this
little pencil right here, which
basically manipulates the data.
I can go
Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> I think we're cooked here. Received.
Where's the text?
Text. There we go.
Want to take this out and say, "Hey
there.
We have a client emergency.
We She wants to know or they want to
know
how much we charge.
Urgent."
Well, actually, let's not put this.
Cuz it's clearly obvious that it's
urgent, right? Want to press save. And
now, if I
execute workflow,
this should
send Telegram message, but it didn't.
Because the chat ID, I believe, was
wrong. Chat not found. Okay, so what we
have to do here is this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, okay.
Cool, cool.
Yeah, cuz the chat ID here isn't isn't a
number. It's not It's not text. So, it
doesn't It doesn't categorize it as
that.
Yeah, so the problem here was that the
chat ID
it gave it as urgent emails, but the
chat ID is numbers. So, that's wrong.
So, what we have to do is we have to use
Telegram.
Go here. Telegram.
And follow me through here. There's a
clear thought process to why we're doing
it. Uh we're going to
Um actually, let me go back.
Add another trigger. Telegram.
On message
received. On message and then message
Yeah, on message. I cannot go to
Telegram.
I mean, we can see that the it worked,
right? Like the email was sent. Um
what I'm going to do though is I'm going
to
execute step. So, this is now watching
for
Yeah, watching for messages. Want to
say, "Hello."
Okay, with this here, I cannot get the
chat ID. Okay, so now if I get the chat
ID, I can then move this. I can hardcode
it right here.
So, the chat ID can be the same, right?
Because it it can be in the same exact
chat that we have. Um
so, let's try this again.
Let me go to execute workflow.
And here we should see an email coming
through at any time. So, high priority
email from Michele Torti, a client
emergency requires XYZ.
And we can remove this. We can remove
this message was sent automatically with
N8N.
I believe it's here. Add field.
Append N8N attribution. We can turn this
off.
Okay, so we got to see the message was
sent successfully.
>> [sighs]
>> And now, let's try with let's see
finance, right? So, let's say we send
ourselves an email.
Say, "Hey there, can you provide us with
a billing statement?
Um
James."
Want to press send. All right, so we got
the email, billing statement. I can
press execute workflow.
This should now send it down here,
finance and billing. It should label it.
It should make a reply, a draft, and
then I should see it right here.
Finance and billing.
Finance and billing right here. I can
see that we have uh information. Now,
one thing that you should be asking
yourself here, cuz if you're not asking
yourself this, then I don't know.
This is obviously hallucinating, right?
Like let's be honest. Like how how this
can't be accurate, cuz we're simply
using AI,
which is not trained on any data.
And so, to mitigate this, what we would
have to do is you can add a step right
here, where we can basically pull in
information from a Superbase. So, you
can have Superbase back to store, which
is trained on all our company's data.
And then, we can then pull the
information and then draft a reply.
Cuz then we have context. Like the the
actual agent doesn't just hallucinate.
Because obviously, this right here will
prepare a billing statement and send it
to you shortly. This is obviously not
true.
And so, this just makes it up. And so,
in real life, in actual business, you
can't have something like this
specifically. You would need an extra
step here of pulling information from a
vector database, which is a basically
like a Google Sheet. That's better.
Which you pull information from before
sending it to the client, before
actually replying to the client. Because
it actually is accurate by that point.
So, that right there is a full email
classifier AI agent built inside of N8N.
In today's video, I'm going to show you
step-by-step how I built a full
AI-powered blog generation system inside
of N8N that can write highly effective,
well-researched blogs by a team of AI
agents. All right, so this right here is
the system. I'm going to run it from
scratch and show you exactly how it
works before we uh go step-by-step and
show you how I built it. I'm going to
press execute workflow.
I'm going to put the post topic. Let's
do AI in finance.
And let's do investment bankers.
So, the post topic for the blog is AI in
finance. Then we do investment bankers.
Let me just
finance. There we go. And tone of voice
will be direct.
So, these are the three different inputs
that we give it. We press submit. What
this will now do is it will send the
information to the first AI agent, which
is a newsletter expert, which basically
does research on the topic that we're
doing. Then what we do is we generate an
outline using an AI step, which will
then be split into four different parts,
cuz the outline has four different parts
of uh of the blog. We'll have a research
agent, which is this one right here,
which will do more research on the
actual topic that is written on that
first paragraph or first section of the
blog,
uh and second and third and fourth as
well. Then what we do here is using the
outline, which is split up into four
different parts, we send it to the
research agent, which is this one right
here, which is now doing research on
each part of the blog using Perplexity.
And it's actually writing the snippet
for that specific part. Then what we do
here is we merge the output from here
and here as well. We aggregate them,
which means we put them all into one
place before sending it to the editor AI
agent, which in this case is an AI agent
that will edit the actual newsletter.
So, that's that's going to be the final
version. And we use Claude here because
Claude is a better model to write
content. Then we use it just an AI step
to generate a title, and then we send
the [music] actual newsletter to our
inbox. If I go to my inbox, and on my
inbox, I can see that I have generative
AI transforming investment bank
operations, and this is the full blog
that we use.
And a good thing about this is that it
uses It actually references which
sources. If you go here to two, it
references the source that we're using,
right? Also, you can see it down here.
First, second, third, fourth, fifth, and
sixth. And this right here is just a
prompting thing. Um and now you have a
fully optimized blog, which gives us
highly in-depth research from the top
sources, from top credible sources, that
we can use. And a good thing about this
is you can have this running daily. Cuz
right now, we have a form, but you can
replace this with a Google Sheet that
will have different topics, and then a
on-time schedule, which means that it
will run every week, every day, and so
on. And you have a fully optimized blog
in your inbox. So, with that said, let's
see exactly how this works, and let's go
step-by-step. All right, so let's go
through the first step, which is the
form input. So, we added a form. Again,
this can be any kind of input, right?
The form is just the easiest because we
can just simply execute step, and we can
have access to this form right here,
which is a very very simple form that we
just create natively within N8N.
And for the forms itself on N8N, we have
the test URL and we have the production
URL. Now, bear in mind the test URL is
just a URL that you use when you're
testing, okay? Hence the name, test URL.
When you're going to production, which
means that you are turning this on,
you're activating this, that's when you
use the production URL. So, in theory,
what this would look like is you
wouldn't have to go inside here and
press execute step and then run the
whole thing. You would just activate it,
you would use the production URL, and
that's the thing that you paste into
your browser when you're doing whatever
you're doing, right? As you can see
here,
this is not activated, so this is
deactivated. Um so, we can't see it.
Then, we have authentication right here,
and authentication can be used to
basically add a password between the
person that wants to fill out the form
and actually filling out the form.
Because if you don't want anybody or if
you don't want everybody to have access
to the form, then you want a password.
Well, in this case, we can just leave it
blank um cuz this URL is pretty unique.
Then, we have the form title, in this
case, newsletter form. And then, these
are the fields. So, the fields is what
are we asking the user to fill out? In
this case, we are asking the post topic,
which is in text field.
And the placeholder can be AI in
finance.
Placeholder just means this, right? So,
if you execute a step, this is a
placeholder, which means what is a thing
that they see,
and typically you add this as
inspiration for what they could add,
right? [music] Let's make this a
required field, actually. Target
audience, text, required field, and then
tone of voice, drop down. So, we have
three different choices. So, we have
authoritative tone, humorous, and
direct.
These are the three different choices.
So, this will be the input again when we
press execute workflow, this will
execute the actual workflow. So, I can
do AI in
computer science. Target audience,
50-year-old men.
Tone of voice can be authoritative. And
then, we see here that this is the
answer that we get.
Okay, and this is the variables that we
then pull into the next step. Now, I'm
going to pin this. I don't have to rerun
it again every single time.
The next step we're doing is we're
setting variables. Now, honestly, you
don't have to do this. I don't know why
I did this, to be honest. Um you can go
without this, but I just wanted to set
the variable topic, target audience, and
tone of voice for no reason, actually.
So, we can actually delete this. Uh but
because this is connected to all of
these, then it makes sense to have this.
I typically have this just to have
things organized. Um
and basically, what this looks like is
we're replicating this, these variables,
to just have topic, target audience, and
tone of voice. And typically, why you do
this is because on the form submission,
we also get the submitted at and form
mode, which is extra variables that I
don't want to see, but at the same time,
you can go without this because I mean,
these these fields are only two fields,
right? There's not a crazy amount. Um
but we usually use set variables when we
have an input, which is a ton of
different variables. I think you can use
like Apify or any of these softwares,
they give you like a hundred variables,
and then you basically want to extract
the variables that you actually need,
and that's where you use a set variable.
In this case, it didn't make much sense
of why I used it, but you can still use
it. Cuz we don't get charged by step, we
get charged by execution.
Then, we have the first AI agent, which
is a newsletter expert. We can use AI
tools agent. There's three different
types of agents, OpenAI functions agent,
which uses OpenAI to just do its thing,
conversations agent, so you can talk to
it. We leave this as tools agent because
we are using tools with the agent. Uh
the source of prompt, which is what is
the input that we're getting? In this
case, if I execute the previous notes, I
can see that the input is this.
So, we give it the prompt user message
because every AI agent has two different
types of prompts. Okay? It has a user
prompt and it has a system prompt.
Also, assistant, but the main ones are
user and system. And the user prompt in
this case would be what are the
variables that we're feeding into the
actual AI agent for it to do its thing.
And the prompt user message here is what
are the variables like newsletter topic,
tone of voice, and target audience,
which we're pulling in from here that it
uses to actually do its thing, right?
So, that's for the user message. And
then, we have the system message.
Now, the system message is a prompt that
gives it the
instructions, right? The instructions
for the thing. It doesn't actually give
it the variables because the variables
go in the user message, but we give it
the overview, the context, the
instructions,
the tools
that it uses, um examples as well,
input, output, input, output. So, these
are assistant prompts because we're
giving it an example here, example here,
example here, example here, to make it I
guess to give it more context as to what
we want to do. Uh cuz sometimes AI is so
creative sometimes that it just spits
out what it wants to spit out. So, if
you give it a few example, it sort of
like guides it and narrows down the the
focus that it needs to have when making
the blog for you.
Um and so, this is the full prompt. And
again, at the end of the video, I'll
show you exactly how you can get the
whole system for free, so don't worry.
Uh but you can also take a screenshot of
this and drop it into ChatGPT and ask it
to extract the text. Uh that's what I
used to do all the time.
And now, you have the system message
right here and you have the user
message. We can see we ran this before,
and this is the output that we get. Of
course, this is cut, but if I go to
JSON, I can see here that this is a full
thing. So, table of contents. So, we are
generating table of contents
for the newsletter, right? And we're
using Perplexity
as a tool to do so.
Why? It's because you want to do more
research on the actual topic to then
give it proper table of contents. And
table of contents is like, okay, what's
going to be in the actual newsletter?
What's going to be in the blog?
Once we have this, let me pin this.
Then, we go ahead in the next step,
which is generate an outline. And here,
we're not using an AI agent, we're just
using a simple step. Now, to connect
your OpenAI to N8N, all you have to do
is press create a new credential. You
can go to platform.openai,
platform.openai.com.
You can go to login, choose your
account,
and then you want to go to dashboard,
get your API key right here.
Press this button, get a key. You can
copy and paste back
right [music] here. Bear in mind, this
is not free, as in you still have to pay
for this. Um and you pay for this using
something called an API credit. Now, the
API credit is something that you can
see, where is it? Billing,
on the left-hand side, and you will add
money here.
It is very, very cheap, so it will only
cost
a tenth of a cent when you run this. Um
so, yeah. But make sure you have about
$5 cuz that is the recommended amount
that we use.
All right. Now that we have this, we
have connected our OpenAI to uh N8N, we
can use text because that is the thing
that we're manipulating. The action that
we're taking is messaging model, which
means that it's sort of like we're going
to ChatGPT and we're typing something to
get an answer back. Then, we're using
the model 4o mini because it is the um
it's we're going for like speed and
quality, right? And 4o mini is great.
And the prompt is this. Your job is to
split out the table of contents into an
individual item for each section. Output
each section separately in a field
called newsletter sections.
When doing so, keep in mind that the
newsletter target audience is this and
the tone of the newsletter is this. So,
now we're pulling in the variables from
here, set variables.
Here's the table of contents. So, what
we're asking it to do is this. We're
asking it to basically
get the table of contents, which is a
block of text, and then output an array,
right? An array, I'll show you exactly
what it is.
An array is a something, right?
Where it contains different items inside
that something. So, in this case, it
contains the four different sections. Uh
each section has a title and has a
description. Title and description,
title and description. Why do we do
this? Well, you can simply And by the
way, this whole system, you can simply
replace by just using one prompt from
ChatGPT to make a blog. But because you
want to make it higher quality, right?
And go through basically generating an
outline and taking each bucket of that
outline. What I mean by this is taking
each newsletter section and then giving
it to AI to do the research and then
making it more optimized and then making
it better, right? And so, what we're
doing here is we're asking it to take
this text, which is unstructured,
because it's a block of text,
which doesn't make much sense to us and
we can't really do anything with it, and
then giving it to AI and saying, "Hey,
take this block of text that we have
here.
So, this is the input.
And basically, it's split it out. So, I
want you to split out an array,
which is something that has different
items in it, and you know it's an array
because typically has a square bracket.
Square bracket? Yeah, square bracket
here and here. And inside the square
bracket, there are a bunch of items,
which is this
and here, and this and here,
and this here as well, and same thing
with this, right? And so, these items
are all pretty much the same, and those
are the four items, which means that
they're four table of contents, four
different parts of the blog that we want
to iterate, want to split it out, right?
Each one, and then use each one for
research, use each one to write the
blog, and use each one to make the blog
better. So, once we have this, then we
can split out, right? So, I mentioned
that we Let me pin this.
If I press this,
you can see this is now four items. Why?
It's because the array itself is best
for us to use when we want to get the
array,
which can be found here. So, if I go
here,
newsletter section,
this now will split out four different
items.
First, second, third, and fourth. And
that's exactly what we then feed into
our AI agent, which is the research
agent right here,
to do more research. So, the input, of
course, is a tools agent cuz we're using
tools. Uh the source of prompt is user
message, which we'll define below. And
then, the user message itself, which is
what are the variables that are going
into the AI agent for it to use to do
its thing, are the section title,
which is this, section description,
which will be this right here. Where is
it? Generate outline. There we go.
Description,
newsletter target audience,
which will be this right here,
the target audience. There we go.
And newsletter tone of voice.
And so, we feed all of this in so that
it has context as to what the actual
section is, right? And so, this being
the user message, and this is the prompt
that we use for the research agent. And
so, we have an overview, which is you
are an AI agent responsible for
delivering only the final content for a
newsletter. Then, we have context, uh
which is all necessary details including
the section title, the description, the
target audience, and the tone will be
provided. Then the goal and the content
must be supported by research, and then
we give it instructions. And this is
usually how the the actual prompt goes,
right? We have overview, context,
instructions. Now, in this case, we have
tools. It's only one tool because we're
connecting this to Perplexity to do the
research.
And with that said,
we have citations, examples. So, we give
it examples and SOPs as well.
And this is a very, very good prompt. As
in, it has markdown formatting, which is
the hashtags,
which is basically saying, "Hey, this is
heading one, this is heading two," and
so on.
And then it has a bunch of stuff as
well. So, rules, guidelines, all that
stuff that it needs.
>> [music]
>> And from here, we start using Claude in
comparison to OpenAI right here because
Claude because now we're actually
writing content, right? And Claude is
the best content. And to connect your
Claude account, press create a new
credential, anthropic.console,
and then you can go to get an API key.
You can go to create an API key.
Just name it whatever you want. You get
a key, then you can then paste back
here. Now, 3.5 Sonnet is one of the best
for content. Let me actually search it
up.
Um which Claude model is best for
content?
I believe it's 3.5 Sonnet.
I think so.
Not Claude. It's Claude.
Let's see. Claude.
Showing you guys the full raw content uh
because that's what it is.
Claude's Opus 4. Okay.
Claude Opus 4. Do we have that available
to us?
I don't think we do.
Yeah, we don't have an API version. So,
let's do
API model.
Cuz not all models are given to us for
an API.
Um Claude 4 generation, Opus 4, and
Sonnet 4 are hybrid models.
Opus 4 is the most scalable. Yeah, I
think Sonnet 4. Right, Sonnet 4. Um it's
designed for speed plus quality as well.
And since we don't have four here, we're
just going to use 3.5.
And that's the thing that it uses as its
brain because again, an AI agent usually
has a brain, which in this case is the
LLM, and then it has tools that it's
connected to, which are in this case,
Perplexity, the thing that it actually
uses to take action. And if you want to
build your first AI agent from scratch,
check out this video up here.
What we do here is we run this.
What this will now do is it will go
through each section one by one. So,
four different items at the same time.
Not at the same time, obviously,
separately.
And it does research on each one.
And the reason why we're adding two
different inputs is because the first
input is
the actual research that it does. And
the second input is the description. All
right, so now we've finished the actual
research, and bear in mind that each
section of the blog will be researched,
right? And that's what this does. So,
I'm going to pin this
so we don't have [music] to rerun it
again cuz it does take a while.
Obviously, it got cut in the video, but
I've been here for about 4 minutes
waiting. Um
and [music] now, with the merge node,
what we do here is let me press execute
step.
This will now get the output of the
research agent,
but it will also get the title
and the description. So, the merge node
is usually combining,
right? Two inputs
because we have one and two,
and we're putting them all together. So,
you see how it went from here, here, and
here to all three right here. And these
are four different items, which means
that it does it for every single section
of the blog.
All right. Now that we have this, we can
then aggregate it because we don't want
to send four items individually to the
editor AI agent. We want to send all
together, right? Cuz we have four items,
let's put them all together.
And as you can see by the diagram here,
this node right here is to take all the
different separate items and put them
all together into one paragraph.
Let me go here.
Execute step.
And here we get all the titles, and we
get all the outputs. Because again, four
items, four the four outputs in this
case for the research agent. And that's
why we put individual fields, the input
field name will be title because it's
title. Same thing with output, which is
this one right here. And that's what it
takes to merge the list. Again, merge
list just means merge everything
together like this.
So, we're able to then feed it into the
editor AI agent, which will be the thing
to actually write the blog, right? To
actually put everything together.
Um it will be a tools agent. The prompt
will be the list of titles and the list
of article content, which we get from
here and here.
So, we're giving it Let me show you
this.
We give it this.
A full user input.
So, it's going to be a big prompt. Plus,
we give it a system message as well.
So, this system message will have an
overview. So, you're an expert editor
specializing in creating and finding
content to output a high-quality
formatted article. You're given a list
of titles and outputs, and you will use
these to create a newsletter tailored
towards the defined target audience.
Create a section in the article for each
title with a hyperlink source in each
section based on the content. So, when I
was making this workflow or this AI
agent,
I thought of the fact that obviously you
want to have insight What's it called?
Hyperlink um yeah, hyperlink um
citations. So, for example, when you go
into the actual word, and then when you
press that word, it goes directly to the
source of that news. And that's exactly
what this is.
This is a fancy way, a HTML way of
saying, "Hey,
this is the URL that we're giving,
and this is the name of the actual thing
that when we press this, it takes us
here." And so, that's what it is. And we
have the objective as well to create
content. Uh we have the citation
management. We have the source section.
We have the output format. We have a ton
of stuff in this prompt right here. And
then we want to output 1,000 word
maximum, or else the automation breaks,
right? Because there's a limit. Uh and
today's date is this. Why do we give it
today's date? It's because sometimes
within the actual blog, it needs to sort
of cite um it says tomorrow, right?
Like, how does it know what today is? AI
is not the best at this. So, that's why
we give it the actual date.
So, now with this prompt right here, I
can press execute step. This will now
give all of this and these uh this
prompt right here to be able to give us
a final optimized sort of blog that we
can use to send ourselves an email. All
right, so we have the output right here.
You see here with all these lines and
MPs and As and H2.
This is called HTML. HTML is basically
the way that we make our
text look pretty. You know when you see
emails, when you get emails with
headings, you get with colors and
beautiful things, that's all HTML,
right? And so,
we want to do that because
of the fact that we want headings, we
want a text [music] when you press on
it, hyperlinked, right? When you press
on it, it goes to the source, all that
stuff to make it look pretty, and to
make it look more formatted, we use
HTML. And then we use another AI right
here, which is an AI step. Again, same
connection, message model 4 or mini,
which is fine. And the prompt is
create a title for the incoming
newsletter. The tone of the newsletter
is
authoritative.
The target audience is 50-year-old men.
And here's your newsletter. So, we give
it the full newsletter, and then we say,
"Only output the title in plain uh in
plain text, no quotation marks, and
capitalize the first letter of each
word. Example, is artificial
intelligence a friend or foe?" So,
basically, this is making the title for
the newsletter, which you can then feed
into the subject line of the email that
we're making. I can press execute step.
This now gives us the actual content,
which is the title of the blog. Quantum
computing and AI transforming the future
of technology. And that's the thing that
we would use
to then be able Let me pin this. To send
ourselves an email. So, in the email
section, just connect your email, and go
here and sign in with Google.
Connect your account, bring it back, and
you're all good. And then the thing that
we are manipulating is message. The
action that we're taking is we're
sending. The email that we're sending it
to, of course, is my personal email. The
subject line in this case will be the
title here.
Right, it will be this right here,
content. We bring it across
here.
And this is now the title that we use.
And then the email type because again,
Gmail gives us two options, whether you
do text, whether you use HTML. Well, in
this [music] case, because we wrote the
email in HTML, then we get this, right?
We get a full thing, which is the thing
that you saw in my email. And then we
want to turn the append and and
attribution off, which just means that
usually when you send yourself an email,
at the end, it will say
and it ends in this, or sent by Anydan,
right? We want to take that off. And as
well, we want the name of the actual
person to be daily newsletter, which is
why we add here sender name, daily
newsletter.
All right, we can just test this.
Execute step.
What this will now do is it will send us
another email.
We go here and refresh. Quantum
computing and AI. And this is a newly
written email
with hyperlink text that I can go here
and I can go to the actual source
of the research, which is amazing.
And has settings, has more research,
and the citations are coming from
credible citations, right?
Which are great to have. And at the end,
we have sources as well.
Here.
And now this you can use as a way to
keep yourself updated, but also to post
it on your You can say on WordPress or
any of the sites that you make blogs in.
Right? Because you have a ton of
research, a ton of value that you can
get because this workflow right here is
a series of AI agents. And the reason
why we do a series of AI agents is
because when you break things down and
you actually go in depth into each topic
or each section, the quality is just
much better. And so, as I mentioned
before, you can have a form, which is
the input, which is the thing that what
what do we feed in to the actual system,
but you can also have a Google Sheet
that you can run through every single
row. And you can then add a
you can say
on the schedule
right here
at the start, which runs maybe every
day.
Right? So, every day.
And then it runs, and then it takes the
topic from a Google Sheet, and then it
runs through the whole system step by
step. Now, within our agency, we've
implemented these sort of systems,
especially with blogs and content, into
tons of businesses just because of the
fact that businesses know they need to
make content, yet they don't have the
time. They use AI anyways, so might as
well automate the whole process and save
them a ton of time and make it actually
valuable and and with actual research
and with good prompting so they can
actually get results. And so, these
systems right here are are for them
because it allows them to have such an
efficient process to generate this
content that can either be sent to our
email, that can either be sent to a
WordPress. WordPress is just a way that
you host your website. You can have
blogs on your website, blogs on
LinkedIn, blogs on whatever platform you
use,
uh that is highly effective, highly
researched, well researched, right? Cuz
if it is well researched. And so the
system is great because it saves the
company tons of time into making
content, and we know it's good because
we have good prompting, which companies
usually don't.
Hey, in this video I'm going to show you
step-by-step how you can build your own
research AI agent inside of n8n. And the
best part is that it actually takes less
than 5 minutes to set up. So I'm going
to show you exactly how it works, how
you can set it up, and how you can use
it within your automations. So if that
sounds like something that you want to
learn, let's dive in. All right, so
fundamentally we have an input and we
have an output. This is the same exact
structure as a normal AI agent, and the
input could be research XYZ. Then the AI
agent has system prompt or instructions.
System prompt just means what is the
thing that we tell the AI agent to do.
Um and it can be, "Hey, research this."
Or if this happens, then call this or do
something else.
And [music] the output would be the
actual research. Now between the input
and the output,
the AI agent, now it's hooked up to
OpenAI, which is basically ChatGPT, and
that's its brain. That's how it thinks.
And then for its tools, cuz tools are
like the things that the AI agent calls,
that it sends the request to when it
wants to get something back, on this
case we're using Perplexity. Because
Perplexity is the research LLM. LLM
stands for large language model. It's
like ChatGPT, Claude, they're all LLMs,
and this right here is specifically done
for research. So I can go to Perplexity
here, and I can show you that this
uh LLM is like ChatGPT, it looks like
it, but it's known for research. So I
can say, "Find the latest news on AI."
What this will do is that it will get
sources.
It will start getting all the sources,
and it's known for because it's really
good at finding research.
And it gives you the full breakdown of
everything, even giving you all the
sources that it used for that specific
research, which is insane. Cuz it does
research over 20, 30, 40 research papers
all within seconds to give you an
answer. Something that ChatGPT could do,
but isn't meant or prompted to do. And
so that's what we're going to use to
connect to the AI agent in order to do
the research. And again, we're doing it
automatically, so we're using the API
version, just like we're using the API
version for OpenAI. So we're just
creating an AI agent that is hooked up
to Perplexity to do the research, and
then we get the output.
So if I go to n8n, I can go to n8n
workflows. All right, so I'm currently
in n8n. I can go to create a workflow.
As you can see, we have two options. And
if you want to watch the video of me
building it with AI, check it up here.
But we're going to press add first step.
We can go to agent. Just press agent,
and this is how you add an AI agent in
n8n.
So this is where we start configuring
things. And so we're sending the chat
here. This will then send a signal to
the AI agent. If I go inside, I can see
that the user message, which is what is
the thing that's going inside the AI
agent, it will be the chat input, which
I'll show you exactly what it looks
like. And then,
after the user message, we can add an
option, we can have a system message.
The system message is the instructions,
this part right here.
And so that's what we add here. We can
say, "You're helpful intelligent
assistant that does research." I'm going
to give it a better prompt later, but
for now we can leave it this. And now,
as we mentioned before, we have the chat
model, which is what is the brain of
this LLM. In this case, it can be
OpenAI,
which is the one right here. And I can
connect OpenAI to my account. The way to
do that is to go to platform.openai.com.
I can go to dashboard. I can go to API
keys. And the API key is sort of like a
password that says to n8n, "Hey, you
feel free to use my API key for my
account in OpenAI." And top right,
create a new secret key.
And name it, so it can be n8n.
You can create a new secret key. Leave
everything as is, no restrictions.
And now you have this key that you can
paste within n8n and name it. I can name
it Michele
15th of October.
I can save it.
And now I have my account connected.
Bear in mind that this is not free. So
you have to go to here, to profile, to
billing,
and add money here. $5 is more than
enough cuz it it's only taking 1/10 of a
cent, right? So it's fine.
All right, now that we have this done,
we have this connected, we can choose
4.1 mini. This is basically the brain
again, how it actually thinks. And now
we can connect it to a tool. Now we also
have a memory here, and the memory is
usually used when we are using the AI
agent sort of like a chatbot like this.
We want it to remember the previous
conversation or the previous answer or
question that we gave it as context for
the next steps. Well, in this case, uh
we can add it. We go here, I can put
simple memory. And we have context
window length, which is how many past
interactions does the model receive as
context. We can leave five, that's fine.
And now for the fun part, is Perplexity.
So this is how we actually do the
research. So I can go to Perplexity.
You can go to Perplexity tool right
here. We're just talking to the API of
Perplexity and generating um responses
with citations. I can go [music] in
here, and we get introduced to this. Now
you will not get introduced to this
because you will not have an account.
All you have to do is press create a new
credential. And now you need an API key.
So all you have to do is go to
Perplexity.
ai
up here.
And you want to make an account. Once
you make an account, you can go down to
account, you can go to API,
and I believe that you have API keys on
the left-hand side.
Right here. You can accept terms and
generate a key. I can do n8n research
agent test. I can create a key.
I can now copy it
and paste it here.
I can say Michele
15th of October.
Put it here. There you go. And press
save. And now you should be able to see
it here, and you have successfully
connected n8n to Perplexity. But as we
mentioned before, just like OpenAI, this
is not free. So you have to go to API
billing. You would have to buy credits.
I think I put $5 on a few months ago,
and I still have it. $4 in 2017. So it's
very, very cheap. And once you have
this, now you can actually use the API.
For tool description, we can set
automatically. Operation, which is what
is the action that we're doing, is
messaging a model.
And you can do custom API call, but in
this case, messaging a model just says,
"Hey, I'm going to automatically go into
Perplexity. I'm going to automatically
type something and get an answer back."
And now we have the different models.
I'm going to go to Perplexity API models
to see the difference each one. There
you go, models.
So here we have all the models, and we
have the search models, which are
inherently the models that you just use
uh to retrieve information, just like a
general searching model, which is the
one that we're going to use. We have
reasoning, so more for multi-step tasks
and research.
So this is really for conducting
in-depth research. The only thing about
this is that it does take a lot longer
than uh something like Sonar or Sonar
Pro. So we're just going to use Sonar in
this case.
I'm going to try both actually. Um let's
start with Sonar, and then we can put it
there. We can go inside, and now I can
change the model to again Sonar. We can
use Sonar Pro as well. And now we have
the user prompt. So the user prompt is
what is the thing that we're giving
Perplexity, so this sort of the input,
right, that it uses when it's doing the
research. So in this case, if you press
this button right here, what this will
now do is it will let the model define
its parameter. So the AI agent is smart
enough so that it decides what goes into
Perplexity for it to actually do the
research for and then giving us the
output. So I'm going to press this, and
we can leave everything as is. All
right, now we have this, I can test it.
So I can go here, open chat, and I can
say,
"What is the latest news on why 95% of
AI products fail?" I can press go.
What it should now do is it will talk to
the uh Perplexity tool, and it will talk
back to the OpenAI to structure the
output
for us to get it back on the chat. So
you can see we have the research here,
which is in-depth research. So you can
see it's pretty good research compared
to something like ChatGPT. The key
reasons why 95% of AI products fail,
poor data quality, lack of business
alignment, execution, cost, privacy,
hype versus hard work. Uh and then the
5% of AI projects that succeed typically
is XYZ. So we get a full report or full
answer, researched, right, which is
actually pretty good. This is the thing
that Perplexity is giving us back,
right, which is the responses. We can
see the prompt tokens, uh the amount
that it took us, so 0.006,
which is very, very cost-effective. And
then citations, so the citations that it
uses.
It actually goes to YouTube videos,
which is interesting.
Who is this?
Let's see. The AI bubble, why 95% of AI
products fail. 1.1 million. It's cool.
Um and we have more search results,
right, which you can then use as
citations or as more evidence as well.
And the content is what is the actual
message back that it gives to the user
with all the citations. You can see 2 4
7 obviously refers to
um citation two, citation four, citation
seven. So that's pretty much how you can
set up an AI agent uh that can do
research. Now I'm going to apply this to
a business use case. So let's say we had
a business which had a form on the
website, which you're going to make. And
the form on the website asked someone to
add the website. Right? So they say,
"Hey, what's your name? What's your
email? What's your phone number? And
what's your website?" Right? And so what
this does is that it takes the details
from someone filling out the form on the
website, and then it uses Perplexity to
do the research on that website before
giving us an answer that we can add to
our CRM. So let's build it.
This right here is going to be
um the same because it's pretty much
standard. Uh I'm going to change the
prompts a little bit, but apart from
that it's fine. And I can do on form
submission
because we're making a form.
And this will be the first step in this
case. I can go inside, and I can put a
name for the form, which is website
form.
By the way, don't worry about these.
Test URL is just a URL that we use when
you're testing. Production we use when
we set the automation to active.
Authentication is if you want to put a
password, but we don't want to. Uh we
have the title, and this is, "Please
fill out the form with your details."
Then we can add form element, which is
saying, "Hey, what are the questions?"
In this case, we can ask them actually
full name. Yeah.
And we can say company name.
We can say
uh company website,
which is the thing that we'll actually
use.
I believe that it has
date checkboxes? No. Oh, email only.
Um that's it.
Right? We can just ask three different
questions. Of course, a company would
probably want to know what is your
budget, what are you looking to to do,
and so on. But these are three simple
questions. So, I can execute step, and I
can say Michele Torti.
Company name is JM Solutions.
My website is jmsolutions.com.
Submit.
They should now send a signal here
with the details that we can then use
for the next steps. So, I can pin the
information, which means that now I
don't have to rerun it again every
single time that I want to run the
automation.
And now, the only thing that goes into
this is not the chat input, because
we're not chatting to it anymore. What
we're doing is we can define
the user message below. And again, user
message is the thing that we actually
give to the AI agent every single time
that is different. In this case, it will
be
the company website. And what we can do
is actually
do company website,
company name, actually,
and then company website.
Company name.
There we go here.
Company name.
And there you go. Company name and
company website is the thing that goes
into the AI agent
for it to use when making research of
that company. So, I'm going to say
you are a helpful assistant that helps
to do research on new companies that
come through. You could say that, right?
Assistant account Yeah, you can say
that.
Uh and then let's say uh for rules,
so I'm going to say
we are or actually the
the research
that we are looking for from the company
should contain
target audience, and let's do
offer.
So, we want to know the offer of the
company and target audience. That's it.
I believe this should work. Uh let's see
if it doesn't. If it doesn't, we'll
change the prompt.
And now, this will be the same. Yeah,
this will be the same. Let's test this
out. Let's go
here.
Oh, actually no. Yeah, we can't use the
simple memory because
the simple memory only works when we're
using a chat model. So, when we're
chatting to it like a chatbot. But in
this case, we're not doing it. So, we're
just using um these two.
And we press go.
Execute workflow.
You see how I didn't have to fill out
the form every single time? Now it's
doing research, and then at the end, it
gives us JM Solutions targets SMBs
looking to improve operational
efficiency through innovative workflow
automation solutions, XYZ. [music] Cool.
Which now we can add to our CRM. So, I
can just make a new Google Sheet. I can
name it say CRM.
New
website
leads.
I can say company name, or full name.
Oh, there we go. Full name.
Company name.
Let me zoom in so you can see here.
We'll ask I can do company
website
and research. I can make this black,
white, bold.
And freeze up to row one. I'm going to
do like this. I can still see it. Cool.
And now I have to connect Google Sheets
to Any Ten.
And to do that, I can go here.
I can press plus. I can go to Google
Sheets.
I can then append a row in a sheet.
Append just means you're adding a row
into a sheet.
Connect your account by going here. Just
press sign in with Google, which will
take you to this page. You can press
your account that you are connected
with. And once you're connected, you can
go to sheet within a document, append a
row, because that is the action that
we're taking. The document would be CRM
new website leads.
The sheet will be sheet one. Yep.
And then, the values to send. So, this
is saying, "Hey, what do we want to add
here, here, here, and here every single
time that it runs?"
We like to add the full name, which you
can get on the left-hand side
on the form. It's the full name.
Company name.
Company website.
Research.
And something more that we want to add
is submission date.
So, submission
date.
Because we ideally want to know exactly
what date and time they submitted the
form. This now refreshes because it saw
that I changed something within the
sheet. I can then add submitted at right
here. But the problem is that if I go
if I press this to go full screen,
this right here is very messy. And so,
what I want to do here is actually
format it so it's readable to a normal
human who has no clue what T01, all of
this stuff is.
So, what I can do is I can go in here,
and I can put dot
to date format, I believe.
And I can say, what is it? Format date?
Format. Yeah, okay, cool.
Let me go into the formatting guide so I
can see how to make a date look normal.
Got this horrible. Let me see here.
August 6th, 2014.
This will be DD.
All I have to do here is just put DD.
There we go. 16th of October, 2025. And
this will be format that we add the date
inside of the Google Sheet.
So, now I can pin this data,
which means that I don't have to rerun
this again. I can just press go.
What this should now do is she would
send the information here to the Google
Sheet. Michele, JM Solutions with the
website, with the research, which
is very long. Let me make this a bit
bigger.
Come on.
Go here.
She can then read about offer and who
they're targeting, and submission date
as well. So, you get to know exactly
when they submitted the form. And there
we there is a use case that you can use
the research AI agent for to do research
on someone when they come through from
the website or some sort of input from
somewhere else. And we built this type
of system for a company before. Uh a bit
more extensive, so a bit more stuff. Um
but it did research on new leads that
came through the website, and then it
looked at their social media, it looked
at their website, it looked at
everything that they had to then give it
to the sales reps right in their CRM
before the sales reps actually called
the lead, right? Because they had more
information, they were more prepared um
before actually going out and selling to
customers.
In this video, I'm going to show you
exactly how I built a voice agent inside
of Eleven Labs and connected it to Any
Ten that allows us to be able to send
emails, get contacts, [music]
and schedule calendar events. All right.
So, on the left-hand side, I have the
voice agent in Eleven Labs. On the
right-hand side, I have the AI agent in
Any Ten. I'm going to press execute
workflow, which is now waiting for the
voice agent to send information to the
AI agent. And I'm going to go and talk
to the AI agent here. Hey, my man. How's
it going? What's up, brother? Um can we
schedule a calendar event for tomorrow
at 5:00 p.m. with Michael James?
And just say that it's for celebratory
meeting. All righty, I'm setting up that
celebratory meeting for you with Michael
James for tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. Boom.
Your celebratory meeting with Michael
James is all set for tomorrow at 5:00
p.m. Is there anything else I can help
you with today, you magnif- That's it.
Magnificent what? Magnif-
There we go. So, we have a calendar
here, and the name celebratory meeting
scheduled for this email, which is
Michael James, which you can find right
here in our database
with Michael James and this email as
well.
There we go. All right. So, we're going
to go through the whole process step by
step. The first step is actually going
to Eleven Labs and seeing how we
actually set this up. So, if I go here
to the actual home page. So, when you
make an account on Eleven Labs, you will
have this dashboard right here. All you
have to go is here, and you go to agent
platform. So, typically you would be in
the creative platform, which is for
voices and so on. In this case, we want
to go to agent platform.
Want to press agent.
New agent right here.
When you press a new agent, you will
come on this page right here, and this
is where you start adding all the
settings. So, the first message is what
is the first thing that the AI voice
agent will say. In this case, as you can
see by or as you could have heard
um by the voice agent, it said, "Hey, my
man. How's it going?" And this is
important because it's the first thing
that the AI agent says.
Then the system prompt in this case is
this. So, so we said, "You are a
friendly and funny personal assistant
who loves helping the user with tasks in
an upbeat and approachable way. Your
role is to assist the user with sending
emails and scheduling calendar events.
When the user provides details like who
the email is for and what it's about,
you will pass the information to Any Ten
tool and wait for its response. If the
user tells you that you want to schedule
a calendar event, then you will pass the
information to the Any Ten tool and wait
for its response. Once you get the
confirmation from Any Ten that the email
has been sent, cheerfully let the user
know it's done, and ask if there's
anything else you can help with." And I
can also add
something else here. Once you get
confirmation from Any Ten that the event
was created, cheerfully let the user
know once it's done. [music]
Now, basically the way this works is
that we have the voice agent that we
speak to, sort of like a person. And
when we give information to the voice
agent, what that does is that it sends
information to our AI agent in Any Ten,
sort of acting as a back end, to then do
it the actual thing that we told it to
do, and then send back a response right
to the actual voice agent saying, "Hey,
everything is good." It's sort of like
you have the CEO who talks to the head
of sales. The sales guy in this case
does the action, then he goes back to
the head of sales saying, "Yeah,
everything was good." And then the head
of sales talks to the CEO. Right? The
CEO doesn't actually talk to the um the
actual sales guy because there's a
intermediate step. There's a step in
between. And so, this is the exact same
thing here. Between me and Any Ten, it's
Eleven Labs. It's me talking to Eleven
Labs, which then speaks [music] to the
back end system, which is Any Ten. And
so, what we have here, again, is a
prompt.
Dynamic variables, leave this blank.
LLM, I use Gemini 2.5 flash cuz it's
pretty cheap plus fast. Uh the backup
LLM configuration, leave this default.
You can leave this as default. The
thinking budget is fine right here. We
We need to control any internal
reasoning tokens. The temperature right
here is basically controlling how
creative do you want the AI agent to be.
The higher the temperature, the more
creative it is. The lower the
temperature, which means it's
deterministic, so we can determine
exactly what it's going to say. It's
less temperature. Now, for voice agent,
you want to be careful with this. You
want to make sure that it's not too
creative because then it goes outside of
the instructions that we give it, but
you also want to make sure that it's not
too deterministic, which means that it's
not too fixed into the instructions
because then we'll have the problem that
it starts sounding like a robot. Limit
token usage, and so we're basically
predicting or we're limiting the amount
of money, the amount of tokens, which
equals to money, credits,
that we're using for the LLM. LLM just
stands for large language model. It's
like ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, Grok. All
these are LLMs. Then you can also add a
agent knowledge base in case you want to
add documents that you want the AI
agent, in this case the voice agent, to
have access to when giving you back the
answer, which is great. And now for the
thing that we really care about is the
tools, custom tools. So this is how we
connect custom tools to Anytown or how
we connect voice agent to Anytown. So if
you can just press add a tool, you will
get to this page right here. You have to
put a name, in this case you can just
put Anytown, and the description is use
this tool to take action upon the user's
request. And then the first thing we're
doing is adding a webhook. Now for those
of you who don't know what a webhook is,
a webhook is a URL, which in this case
looks like this, which in Anytown the
way to set it up is go here,
add a trigger, and then a webhook call.
So on the webhook call right here.
And now this is the thing that is used
when we want to receive a signal. So
from the voice agent, we say, "Hey, can
you do this for me?"
It sends all the signal to the
automation to actually do it, and that's
what a webhook is used for. Make sure
that it's post because
post is the way that we send
information, get is the way that we get
information. By get, I mean get here.
Now I've made a full video showing you
exactly webhooks, HTTP APIs, all that
good stuff. You can check it out up
here, but that's what we use to send
information to the actual AI agent
inside of Anytown. Response timeout is
how long to wait for the client tool to
respond before timing out. The default
is 20 seconds. This is great in case
your actual workflow, your AI agent
inside of Anytown, has an error and it
doesn't actually send back the
information. And so we're just putting
some precaution saying, "Hey, if it
doesn't send back the information, just
let the user know." Leave this all as
is. Leave headers the same, path
parameters the same, query parameters
the same. And finally we have body
parameters. So body parameters are the
thing that we say, the instructions or
the variables that we send [music] to
Anytown's AI agent for it to actually
take action. So in this case there are
three things that we have to send over.
As you can see by the description, I
said, "Ask the user to provide the name
of the email recipient and what the
email is about unless they already
provided the information. And ask them
for the calendar event date and time if
they're looking to schedule an event."
Now in terms of properties, we have to
send different variables to the actual
workflow. Why? As you can see here, if I
go inside the webhook, which is the
thing that we use again to send the
data. Once we said, "Hey, I want to
schedule a calendar event with Michael
James, call it celebratory dinner at
5:00 p.m." What it did is that it sent
the body parameters. So who are we doing
the thing for?
What is the event description? And what
is the calendar event time?
And so these variables are crucial in
making sure that the AI agent in Anytown
understands what it is that we want to
do, and as well
who are we doing it for or what other
variables need to be taken into account
when actually doing the actual thing.
And so [music] in Eleven Labs, we want
to start adding properties. So the first
property is two, which is who the email
is going to or who to schedule the event
with or for.
For you. And make this required because
we're going to need this either way.
And leave this [snorts] as LLM prompt
because we're leaving AI to decide this
variable right here.
The second one is email content, so what
the email is about. I made sure that
this is not required just because
sometimes we want to schedule a calendar
event and we don't need to send the
email content. So this is not required.
Leave this as LLM prompt because it
allows us to let AI define this. As
well, I didn't mention this, but string,
which just means text, right? In this
case you can do integer, number, object
array. We just want to keep it simple.
This is literally just text that's going
into the webhook, so leave this as is.
This is the name of the event for the
calendar. Now that I'm thinking of it,
this doesn't have to be required because
sometimes we just want to send an email.
We don't want to schedule a calendar
event. And finally, calendar event time,
which is what the event time and date is
at, which is not required, which is used
when we want to schedule a calendar
event. And leave the last thing as this.
So there we there is just setting up the
tool, which is all we really need in
order to connect Eleven Labs to Anytown.
Now once we have this, let's go to
Anytown and see exactly how it looks. So
this right here is the AI agent that
we're using. In case it's your first
time looking at the AI agent inside of
Anytown, stop this video, watch this
video up here where I show you the AI
agent fundamentals. Trust me, it will
make much more sense once you watch that
video.
Um but essentially an AI agent is
consisted of an input and an output. In
this case the input can be who are we
sending the email to or who are we
scheduling the calendar event uh for.
Then we have the event description, we
have the email content, or we have all
the different variables that I spoke to
you about based on what the user wants
to do. Then we have the output, which is
a message that is sent back to the voice
agent saying, "Yeah, everything was
good." Then we have the AI agent in the
middle, which is the thing that actually
takes action, right? Then we have the
brain, which in this case it's OpenAI.
It's the way it actually thinks. And
then we have the different tools, which
is what are the softwares that are
connected to the AI agent for it to
actually do the thing that it needs to
do. So the first thing is a webhook.
We want to make sure that this is post
because that's the method that we use on
the Eleven Labs. And when you get the
data here, you will see a ton of
variables. Honestly, I have no clue what
any of them are,
but the only thing that you really have
to care about is the body. So the body
is the actual variables that we get from
the voice agent for us to use when we
want to actually take action on whatever
it is. And so we get in this case to
Michael James, event description
celebratory meeting, and calendar event
time tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. [music]
And that's all you need to then send to
the AI agent
with a user prompt, which is usually a
message that we give to the AI agent
that changes every single time cuz in
this case we have the prompt user
message and we have the system message.
The system message is more so for
instructions. So we say, "Hey, here's
who you are. Here's the instructions.
Just follow this."
>> [music]
>> And then here is where we give the
variables that change every single time.
Now as you can see, this is code right
here, but what this means is
the person details, so who are we
sending the email to, which we get from
here. All right, make this smaller.
Two. If I drag this across,
I can see that it's JSON.body.two.
Email content is not something that
always shows up depending on what the
user wants to do.
And calendar event time and event
description is something that we add
here.
Event title and uh calendar event time
as well. And so we drag these variables
across right here. And again, if you
want to add this right here, you would
have to run the voice agent and tell it,
"Hey, can you send an email?" And that
will send an email here, and it will
give you this variable because this
variable is only available when you want
to send an email. And that's it for the
user prompt. So very very easy. We just
give it the variables, and now we get on
to the system message, which is the
instructions. Now if you get the full
blueprint for free, you will be able to
have the whole prompt, so don't worry.
Um or else take a screenshot of this and
then put it through ChatGPT and tell it
to extract the text from the image. But
what we're doing here is we're using the
typical prompt format, which is
overview. So you're a friendly, witty
personal assistant who helps users send
emails, get contacts, and schedule
meetings, XYZ.
Then we give the tools. So the tool name
plus the description. It sends an email
only when instructed or when email
content is provided. So when the
variable email content is given. And
then schedule calendar event and so on.
And then instructions, the rule, and
finally current date and time. Now the
reason why we give the AI current date
and time is because AI isn't the best at
guessing or knowing the date and time of
today. So with this prompt, we're then
able to take action, right? And the next
step we have to do is connect our AI
agent to the brain, which is in this
case is OpenAI. And to connect OpenAI,
you have to go to platform.openai.com.
Log in, make an account, and then go to
dashboard. You can go to API keys,
go to create a new secret key,
name it, get the key, and then bring it
back to Anytown right here,
which is basically a password that says,
"Hey, you can use my OpenAI account."
And then you press save. Now leave this
as GPT-4.1 Mini is more than good for
what we want to do.
And then we have the tools. So we
connected this to three different tools.
The first tool is Google Sheets to get
contacts, which is this right here. Then
we have Google Calendar right here to
schedule calendar events, which is this
right here. And finally, we want to send
emails to our Gmail, which is this right
here. And so the theory behind this is
that if you noticed, I didn't actually
give the voice agent an email. I just
gave it a name. And so that's why we
have the step of retrieving the contact
email from the Google Sheets here.
We have the name, and then we have the
email. So if I said to the voice agent,
"Hey, can you send an email to Michael
James?" I instructed the AI agent to
know that it has to look at here first
to be able to get the email to then take
the action, right? And so it will go
here. It will say Michael James. Michael
James has this email, and this is the
email that we're going to use to be able
to schedule the calendar event or send
the email to the actual person. And so
we go in here. To connect your Google
Sheets, all you have to do is create a
new credential, sign in with Google. It
will take you to the standard
um login with Google page. Once you
connected your account, make sure to
have sheet within document. You want to
get rows, which is the action that we're
taking. Again, get rows just means get
all the rows from the actual Google
Sheet,
which is that one right here as I
mentioned. So it gets all of them, and
then it decides who is who. Then you
want to choose the exact Google Sheet,
uh contacts database USB, and then the
sheet within the Google Sheet will be
sheet one. And finally, that's when you
get the actual output, which is row
number two, the name is Michael James,
the name is John Laurie, James Low,
James Arthur, with the emails as well.
And based on what the user added as a um
sort of input, it will then choose the
corresponding email.
So, if it's Michael James, it will
choose this. If it's John Laurie, it
will choose this. If it's James Low,
this. James Arthur, this. And that's for
the first tool. Then we have schedule
calendar event. Again, same exact
concept. Go here, sign in with Google,
so you can connect your calendar. Tool
description, set automatically. The
resource, which is what is the thing
that we're manipulating. In this case,
it will be the event. The operation,
which is what is the action that we're
taking. We're creating an event. The
calendar will be my calendar. And then
start and end, we can simply just press
these two buttons,
>> [music]
>> which basically means that we're letting
the model, we're letting AI define these
two parameters. We want to turn this on
so that we don't have to do it manually,
which is the beauty of AI agents. Then
we have two different fields that we
want to fill out. The first one is
attendees, which you can find here,
attendees.
And then you simply do the same thing
here, which is just pressing the AI,
which in this case, the model itself
will send the attendee email over, right
here. And then the summary, you can pull
from the Where is it? Event description.
Over here.
And that will be the title of the actual
meeting. And that's how we get the
calendar event to look like this, where
we have the title, and it sends it to
the right person. And then finally, we
have the send email. So, if I go here,
same exact concept. Just go here, sign
in with Google. Set automatically. The
resource that we are manipulating will
be message. The action that we're taking
is we're sending a message. The
beautiful thing about Anythink AI agents
to set up tools is that we literally
just have to press
three buttons, and that's it. So, we're
letting AI define who are we sending the
email to, what is the subject line, and
what is the message. And what we could
do here as well is turn this off, append
Anythink attribution, so that the end of
the email, it doesn't say this was sent
by Anythink. And finally, we use a
respond to webhook node, which responds
with the first incoming item, which is
this right here. The celebratory meeting
with Michael James has been scheduled
for tomorrow. If you need me to send any
emails or add more details, then let me
know. And that will be the thing that's
sent to the actual voice agent in Eleven
Labs. So, think of this as a boomerang,
right? We have the voice agent here.
It then goes here, and then it brings it
back to the voice agent. Right? Sort of
like again, we're talking to an
employee, to head of department,
employee, back to the head of
department, to the CEO. All right, so
I'm going to test this again. And in
this case, let's do sending an email.
And we can send the email to James
Arthur. So, right here, I can call the
AI agent.
Hey, my man. How's it going?
What's up, brother?
Uh can you send an email to James
Arthur, and can you say that we are
disappointed in your work? You should
have done better in yesterday's meeting,
and that you're almost about to get
fired.
>> All right, I am sending that email to
James Arthur right away. Hold there. I
found a James Arthur with the email
mish.alcal5@gmail.com.
Should I send it to that address? Also,
that message is a bit strong. Would you
like me to help you rephrase it a little
more gently? Nah, you're good. Just send
that email over. Understood. Sending
that email now, no holds barred. Oopsie.
Yeah, it seems like there was a little
hiccup, and I couldn't send that email.
Don't worry, it's not you. It's probably
just a
glitch with my system.
Can you try Can you try again? I'm on
it. Let's try sending that email one
more time. Dread. Seems like I'm still
having a bit of trouble sending that
email. Okay, so there was trouble
sending the email. Let's see why.
I thought it was because it needed to
confirm.
But in this case, let's just go inside
here,
and we actually did get the email
content. So, that's weird. So, I think
that is within the prompt itself. Uh
send an email only when instructed or
when email content is provided. Mm,
interesting.
So, in this case,
what I would do it I would just test it
again, and [music] it might have been a
hiccup on the Eleven Labs side. And by
the way, when you go live, you don't
have to execute a workflow every single
time. Just for testing purposes, we do,
which is why when he was trying again,
he said there was a hiccup because I had
to rerun this again, and I didn't give
enough time for me to press run and it
actually sending the information. Uh so,
let's test the AI agent again. Hey, my
man. How's it going? Yo, can you send an
email to Michael James saying that we
have dinner tomorrow at 5:00 p.m., uh
and just send it through. All right, I'm
sending that email right away. Oops, it
looks [clears throat] like I need a
little more information to send that
email to Michael James. Seems I didn't
get the full email content or a clear
event title. Could you please tell me
exactly what you'd like the email to
say? And if you want me to schedule this
as a calendar event, what should the
event be called?
>> Mm.
Uh just just name the email um the
email's about just having dinner
tomorrow, and it's to Michael James, and
no, we don't have to schedule any
calendar event. Got it. Just the email
then. Sending [music] it off to Michael
James now. Oh, no, it seems like there
was a little hiccup. The email didn't go
through. My apologies, it looks like I'm
having some trouble connecting right
now. Could you perhaps try again in a
little bit, or is there something else I
can help you with in the meantime? Yeah,
try again. Try again. You got it. Let's
get that email another shot for Michael
James. Oh, shucks. Seems like I'm still
getting a bit confused.
>> All right, so I think it's because I
don't have the variable here, which is
called email content. So, I'm going to
add this there and try again. Hey, my
man. How's it going?
Yo, can you send an email to Michael
James saying that we have a meeting
tomorrow at 5:00 p.m.? All right, I'm
sending that email for you. Consider it
done. I've sent your email to Michael
James with the message about the meeting
tomorrow at 5:00. Is there anything else
Great. So, we know why now. If I go to
my email, I can see that we have the
meeting reminder at 5:00 p.m. from James
Solutions, which is the email that I
connected to Anythink. Now, to explain
the problem that I just got, cuz you're
going to have a similar problem as well,
uh is
>> [music]
>> that inside the prompt, I actually told
in the rules that you should only send
an email
if you actually receive a variable
called email content. But here,
I actually had this deleted, and I
didn't have the name for the email
content. It was just the actual email
content. And so, by adding the name, it
then recognizes that we got this
variable, which means that now it's
allowed to send an email. So, that right
there is how you can make a voice agent
inside of Eleven Labs and connect it to
our AI agent inside of Anythink.
In this video, I'm going to show you how
I built a trading analyst [music]
AI agent inside of Anythink. You can
chat with it on Telegram and ask it to
check any stock. [music] It'll find the
chart, study it with AI, and tell you
exactly what it sees, like [music] if
it's going up or down, and how strong it
looks. It can even compare two stocks
and tell you which one looks better. All
right, so the AI agent is divided into
two different parts. We have the AI
agent here, and then we have the tool
that we call, which is the next
workflow, which is this one right here,
which is made to then get this sort of
chart, analyze it with AI, and give us
the answer back. All right, so I just
turned this on, so it's now waiting for
a message. I can say,
can you
analyze Microsoft?
And then go. What this will now do is it
will talk to the AI agent, which again
is prompted with instructions. It then
starts calling the tool right here,
which is this right here. So, if I go
here to executions, I can see down that
this is running. So, there's a current
workflow running, which means that it's
giving us the answer, and it's getting
it back. And then it's going to be able
to then give us the whole analysis back
on Telegram. And now it's going to give
us the actual analysis over here. So,
overall trend, recent price and action,
support and resistance levels, MACD,
which in case you don't know, I also
don't know, and volume analysis, overall
market sentiment. So, basically a full
breakdown of the stock because traders
go look at this pretty much every single
day, right? They look at this, they look
if it's going up or down. And so, this
AI will do that for you, saving you the
time of doing it yourself. And one more
thing that it can do as well is it can
compare two different stocks. So, I can
say here,
can you now compare Apple with
Microsoft? And I can go
>> [music]
>> play.
What this will now do is it will send it
again to the actual tool, but the only
difference now is that it will do it
twice. So, it will send the first item,
which in this case will be either
Microsoft or Apple, and then [music]
analyzes Microsoft, it will get the
graph, then will get the graph of Apple,
and then it will give us the full
analysis of both stocks together. As you
[music] can see, it was smart enough to
know that it already sent us the graph
for Microsoft. So, what it did is it
sent us the graph for Apple right here,
and it then
gave us the actual
>> [music]
>> analysis of overall trend, recent price,
MACD, volume analysis, support and
resistance, and current market
positioning for both Apple and
Microsoft. So, now you're able to
actually compare each one individually
in all the different uh categories right
here, which are about six. And we have
[music] the key takeaways as well. And
to me, this is insane cuz now we're able
to analyze stocks individually, but also
compare them and have AI do the whole
thing for us. With that said, let's go
through step by step exactly how it
works and how we set it up. So, this
right here is a typical structure of an
AI agent, right? We have the input, we
have the output. Now, in this case, the
input will be Telegram. So, the first
step is actually [music] connecting our
Telegram account. You can do this by
going here, press this button, let AI
tell you step by step what you have to
do. It's a longer process than than I
would explain in just 2 minutes. And as
you can see right here, this is the
output, right? And the output in this
case is update ID, message ID, from ID
is bot first name, language, all these
things. We don't really have to know.
The only two variables that we really
care about is chat ID because this
allows us to actually send back a
message in the same thread. It's sort of
like you're having a conversation with,
let's say, your friend. You don't want
to be sending a reply to another guy,
right? You want to be sending the reply
to the same exact conversation. And so,
this right here is the conversation.
It's just numbered. And then we have the
text. So, the text right here is the
actual text, right? It's the actual text
of what we ask the AI agent to do, and
that's what it will use to then send to
the AI agent, which is instructed It's
prompted to do different things uh to
then take action. We connect the input
to an AI agent, which has a prompt
inside, so I'll go through that in just
a second. But the AI agent in this case
is connected to a brain, which in this
case, it's Claude. And to connect your
Claude account, you have to go here, go
to anthropic.console,
log in.
Go here, create a key.
Put a name for it, so let's do any 10.
Add.
And then you will get this key [music]
that you will then paste to go back
here. Then choose the model. In this
case, we have different models. Claude
3.5 Sonnet is fine. We usually look for
quality plus speed, but for something
like this, I think quality is more
important than speed because it is quite
a technical short topic, so we want to
make sure that it actually is good. Then
we have the memory, so connect this
right here, memory.
Which in this case is just a simple
memory tool, which is any 10's memory
tool, and we give it the context window
of five. Now, what this means is that it
takes the previous five conversations or
the previous five messages sent by me.
Which is great because, like you saw, I
told it, "Hey, now compare Apple with
Microsoft." So, it remembered already
that we already analyzed Microsoft. So,
what it has to do now is just analyze
Apple. And it's all because we have this
exact memory [music] tool. And one more
thing that we add here is a chat ID.
This is so that it remembers the actual
chat that we're having with the AI And
then finally, we have a tool. Now,
before I get to the tool, let's go
through the prompt inside here. It will
be a tools agent because we're using
tools, defined below, which is a user
prompt, which is what is the thing that
we're telling the AI agent to do, which
in this case, like I mentioned, is the
text.
Right here.
So, we drag this across.
And then we have the system message. So,
if I go here, this prompt is quite
extensive as in it's pretty detailed.
And by the way, if you want a full
blueprint, I'll show you at the end how
you can get it. And right here, we're
not doing any rocket science. We're
using the exact same prompt structure
that I mentioned in my video up here,
which is prompting AI agents. And that
is using an overview, so you are a AI
agent specializing in XYZ, giving it an
identity. Then we have context, so
things that it needs to know, and then
instructions because it's important for
it to know exactly step-by-step what to
do.
Then we have tools. So, tools is very
important because then it knows what to
call, what action to take based on what
we tell it to do.
Then we have examples, which is the
assistant prompt, which means that we
give it a few examples, so it has some
context when it actually does the thing.
And in this case, we give it three
examples. And then finally, SOPs, which
is pretty much the same as instructions.
And then final notes, which are some
final things, final rules to give it.
And so, in this prompt, what we
basically say is, "Look, the user is
going to ask you for stock to analyze.
What you have to do is just call this
tool when you want to analyze any
stock." And so, this tool right here,
what it is, it's connecting or it's
calling a different workflow inside of
any 10, which is the one right here,
which I'll go in it in just a second.
And so, this isn't a typical AI agent
where you just connect a software
directly here and it takes action on the
same workflow. This is an AI agent that
calls a different workflow and then gets
a response back, just like a boomerang.
Now, if I go inside here, the only thing
we have to do is name it, so get chart.
And the reason why we added get chart on
the prompt is so that it knows that this
is the get chart tool. And now that I
think of it, I think I [music] called it
I think I added a space in the prompt.
So, let me go here and edit it. Uh
Get chart is fine, actually. Get chart
Okay, that's fine then.
Make sure that the name of the tool is
exactly the same as the name in the
prompt. So, get chart and then the
description, which is what does it
actually do? In this case, call this
tool to get an analysis of a requested
[music] stock. Please return the URL
from this tool in markdown formatting.
For example, this URL. And the reason
why we asked the image to be in this
format, it's so that it can then send it
over to us on Telegram
>> [music]
>> in a format in a way where it actually
makes sense. Then we have the source.
So, this is saying, "Okay, we're calling
this tool, which is calling another
workflow, which in this case is here,
called any 10 workflow tool." And right
here, we give it a description of the
workflow. And then we have source. And
source and workflow just means, "What do
you want to call?" In this case, we want
to call the name of the workflow, which
we have right here.
So, to set this up, you have to make a
completely new workflow
and make sure that you have this node
right here, which is
I believe
uh
when executed by another workflow,
which is the one right here.
And so, you're sending the data and then
you're getting the data back. Which in
this case, the from list, it will be two
technical analyst agent because that is
the name of this right here. And again,
I will give you the whole blueprint for
free, so you can just play around with
it. And so, with this done, what we get
in the technical analysis agent, if I go
here to executions, I go to the previous
one,
and I can press this button copy to
editor, which will show me exactly the
data that I previously mentioned before.
We get
this. Now, for those of you who are new
to the trading world in stocks, it
actually isn't that hard. If I go to
Apple stock,
I can see that Apple stock isn't
actually called Apple. It's called AAPL,
right? NASDAQ, which is again the boss
of all the different stocks in the US.
And then we have AAPL, which is in this
case called a ticker, which is a short
version of Apple Inc., right? And so,
when we want to send it to the actual
thing to make the chart and so on, we
have to give it in a way where it
actually understands. So, we can't say
Apple Inc. We have to say AAPL. Which is
why we call them tickers. Once we
receive the ticker from these AI agent
right here. And so, what would happen
here is that we give it a, "Can you now
compare Apple with Microsoft?" And it
will know that now Apple needs to be
turned into a ticker, which will then be
sent here to the tool, which will then
be sent here,
which is the actual workflow, and which
is this.
And then this will be the thing that we
now use to actually make the chart and
download it. Now, the question you've
been asking yourself is, "How do we make
charts like these? How does this
happen?" We have to go to a platform
called chart/image.com,
which is the one right here,
chart/image.com.
And you want to be able to make an
account, so sign in.
And this is completely free. The only
caveat to this is that we have a daily
limit of 50, so you can only call this
50 times. The next step you want to do
is go to the API documentation, which is
just a documentation that says, "Hey,
here's how you can use it," right? On
the left-hand side, just understand the
D base URL, which is a URL that we have
to call. It is always sort of like a
link that you say, "Hey server, do this
for me." This is the start of the link.
And then to actually be able to call the
right exact graph because we have tons
of graphs that we can call.
We can get this, we can get this, we can
get all these. In this case, we have to
choose the right one. So, if I go here
to the graph that we want, if I go
under,
I can then see something called a curl.
Now, a curl is something that we just
literally just paste into a HTTP node,
which is a justice where
>> [music]
>> inside of any 10, that will do
everything for us. So, all you have to
do really is copy this curl
right here.
Go to any 10
and then be able to just add a HTTP
request. And then all you have to do
here is import curl.
So, you go here, paste this, and you
import it. And you will have this.
And that's when you start filling things
out. Now, if you get the blueprint, you
won't have to set this up, but at least
now you know exactly how it works. And
right here is where we start adding
everything. Now, one thing you have to
add is /storage because then it allows
us to be able to get this as a URL
format and make sure that everything's
good. Make sure to dispose so that we
send the information of the ticker and
then we get something back, which in
this case is a URL of the actual
stock.
And then we have to put the X API key.
Again, the API key is something that you
can find here,
API key, generate a new key here, and
then copy it.
And then content type, make sure this is
application/json
because all in all, you just want it to
give you the right format, right? And
then finally, the thing that matters the
most is this right here, which is what
are we actually telling the the server
to do. As you can see here, this is the
body. We call this the body, which is
what is the instructions that we tell
the actual server to do. Like what stock
are we asking it to to get? In this
[music] case, you can see that we have a
symbol, which is NASDAQ
colon
ticker, which we get from the actual
previous steps. Now, as I showed you
before, the way that the stock is
represented is NASDAQ colon Apple,
right? Ticker. So, we want to do the
exact same thing right here. NASDAQ
colon ticker.
And so, with that said, what it returns
to us is the URL of the actual stock
right here, like I've showed you. And
then finally, you want to put response
format JSON because we added up here
that we want the content type to be JSON
as well. So, just make sure you have
this and you have this here so you're
[music] able to get the URL of the
actual stock. Once this is done, then we
want to be able to download the chart,
so download the actual URL because this
isn't publicly available so that OpenAI
or AI can actually go inside the image
and analyze it.
>> [music]
>> So, the next step is just using a simple
HTTP request to get the link and
download it. Execute the step, which
looks like this. We get it in a binary
format.
Binary is just the way that an image or
a file is represented in the web.
Which then goes to the next step, which
is stock analysis, which is an AI. So,
we choose OpenAI. And the way to connect
your OpenAI is just by going to
platform.openai.com.
You can log in, you can go to dashboard.
On the left-hand side, you can go to API
keys, create a new secret key right
here, and then put a name and then
create the key like we did for Claude.
Bring it back here, put the API key
here.
And then make sure you choose image,
which is the thing that we're actually
using. And the action that we're taking
is analyzing image. The model can be
GPT-4o, that is good enough. And then we
give it a whole prompt, so text input,
which is telling it, "Hey, you'll be
given an image. Now, just assess the
image, analyze the output chart based on
the candlestick analysis, MACD analysis,
volume, support, actionable, other
observations
that it then uses based on the binary
data,
data here,
data data, that we give it as an input.
So, you want to make sure that this is
binary. And I remember thinking that
binary was uh was such a complex thing,
but what it actually is, it's just
literally a way for the web server to
represent files. And so, what we say
here is we say, "Hey, here's the input,
which is in a binary file,
and the name of the input is data
because that is the name of the variable
that we get. So, just put data here. And
then detail can be auto, that's fine.
And now, what it does is that it takes
the actual stock and then it gives us
the output which is this right here,
which is candlestick analysis. If I go
to JSON, I can see the whole thing.
Right here, potential breakout zone, the
price is approaching 270. It's giving us
a whole breakdown analysis of that
stock, which we keep for now and we go
to the next step which is Telegram. And
if you have the connection that you made
before, use the exact same connection.
In this case, it will be message which
is the actual thing that we're
manipulating or changing. The action
that we're taking is send the photo,
which is we're sending the actual graph.
We're not actually sending the
explanation first.
And the chat ID is the thing that I
mentioned that we called or that we had
right here.
Chat ID, schema, chat ID.
This is only a one-time thing, right?
Because once you copy this here, it will
send everything to that specific
conversation. So once you copy this from
there,
you will then be able to have the photo
URL be sent from here, URL, which is the
thing that makes it look like this in
Telegram. And then finally, the actual
thing that goes back to the AI agent
here
for it to actually finish is the last
step of the workflow, which in this case
is here, which is response. And the
response will just be the analysis that
we get from
where is it? Stock analysis here, which
is the content.
Right here.
And this is the thing that then goes
back to the AI agent inside here as an
output.
And finally, we made the graph, it sent
to our channel, it then sent the
analysis back to the AI agent, it
formatted it in a way where it actually
makes sense, and finally it sent it to
Telegram right here
with the chat ID, which you can get
here, chat ID.
And the output, which in this case is
here, output. And make sure that this is
message and send a message. So let's try
this out one more time. I can go here, I
can say, "Can you analyze Amazon?"
And by the way, not all stocks are going
to be recognized here, right? Like
something like Samsung isn't part of
Nasdaq to my understanding, to my
knowledge. Um and so if you put Samsung
or something like that, it will not
detect it on the next workflow because
it is not part of that subset of stocks.
And so make sure that whatever stock you
ask it to do is within the category that
we added when we asked to make the
chart. So now it's giving us the chart
which did it in the other workflow.
And then finally here, it gave us the
actual trend. Now I'm going to do
something interesting that I haven't
done before. So let me actually execute
the workflow again.
Let me go here and let me ask it, "Can
you now
compare Amazon with Apple and with uh
Microsoft?"
I'm going to go here.
I'm interested to see what this does, if
it remembers this, if it remembers the
other one as well, and what the output
will give us. And it seems like it
doesn't actually call the tool because
it already analyzed the three of them,
which is amazing, brilliant, because now
we have the full analysis here. So
overall trend, Amazon, Apple, Microsoft,
recent price action, MCD analysis. So
let me say, "Which one should I
buy?"
When I go enter,
let's see which one it tells me that I
should buy based on this analysis right
here. As you can see, we have this here.
As an AI assistant, I'm not able to
provide specific investment advice or
recommendation. Fair enough. Yeah, so I
guess we'll just have to look at this
right here and decide for ourselves.
There you go. All right, so this right
here is obviously a very cool use case,
but it should give you ideas for other
use cases that you can build, right? And
the ability for us to call different
tools within our AI agents and then
bring it back all in one place. And
that's the beauty of tools within the AI
agent cuz you can talk to it as if it's
a normal human, but it can take actions
on different things. And again, it all
depends on what tools there are out
there like the image chart tool. Cuz if
it wasn't for this, we wouldn't be able
to actually do this.
Hey, I'm about to build a live Instagram
parasite system right in front of you
that scripts posts from the top AI news
Instagram account in the world, rewrites
them in your tone of voice using AI, and
turns them into a stream of content that
you can post automatically. [music] All
right, so this right here is a system. I
can press execute workflow. This will
now run on your machine. Ideally, we run
this every single week.
Uh then we scrape the Instagram post
from the top AI news account in the
world on Instagram using Apify. [music]
As we can see here, this is currently
running. Then we wait 5 seconds before
actually getting all the data and then
looping it through. So we only let 20
posts at a time. In this case here,
we're checking whether it's actually
relevant to our target audience before
sending it to the next AI to actually
rewrite the post and then adding it all
back to our Google Sheet database. All
right, we can see it just ran
successfully. I can go to the Google
Sheet database. I can see here that we
have the username of the account, in
this case it's the same, the date when
the post was posted, the post URL we
have here. We can always look back. The
original post and the rewritten post
using our tone of voice, target
audience, and so on. So [music] we have
every single week a stream of content
ideas that we can then post
automatically that are repurposed using
our tone of voice. So now let me save
this. Let me make a new automation. All
right, we start from scratch. And again,
the first uh step of all this building
the automation is not actually building
it itself. It's going on Miro to map
things out, to break it down step by
step before we actually go out and build
it. So if I go here, I always look at an
automation as an input
and an output.
And then in between is different steps
that we have to just figure it out.
Well, the input in this case is I guess
someone else's content because we are
doing a parasite system and parasite
just means that you that you just steal
someone else's idea and then you
repurpose it for your own uh target
audience. [music] In this case, if I
wanted to get the latest AI news and I
want to use Instagram, I have to find an
account where they posted the latest AI
news and it was the top in the world. So
initially what I would do is I would go
here and say, "What is the top AI news
Instagram account in the world?"
And then I would get this right here,
Evolving AI. So I go here, let me see
what they have. Yeah, they're so they're
pretty big.
Ready use this go viral after revealing
AI prompt tricks and ChatGPT that almost
feel like cheat hack. Yeah, I think it's
pretty good. Um sort of new AI news and
they're posting pretty regularly. I
mean, this is
4 hours ago, 6 hours ago. Okay, so they
post like twice a day.
Yeah, three times a day, four times a
day.
Four times a day,
um which is great because now we have a
lot of news, a lot of content to then
repurpose. So the input is this. So
we're going to put input in this case
post
from Evolving
AI.
That's for Instagram.
We put a note here,
Instagram, IG.
Now the next step after this is actually
extracting the text from the post. So
this is called scraping. When I go here
to let's say this post right here every
single week, and we want to take this
whole text
and this is what we're going to use to
then repurpose, which means that we're
going to change the tone of voice, but
the message is the same, so the overall
information is the same, and we're going
to make it our own content. So the next
step here is scraping
post text.
>> [music]
>> Now for us to actually scrape the post
text from Instagram, we would use a
platform called Apify. So Apify is I
mean, the way that I would represent it
is just the Amazon for scrapers, the
Amazon for all of these things that a
smart dude in the world created using
code. Um but of course, we're not using
any code, we're just using it
automatically using our no-code platform
Any Ten. Um so if I go to go to console,
you have to make an account and [music]
you go to Apify store. On the bottom,
you get to see that you have usage which
is $5 because Apify actually gives you
$5 for free every single month that you
can use. And so let's go to the example
here.
We can see this is in the best example.
Let me go here.
Yeah. That [music]
we have the scraper. So this is the
thing that we use to actually scrape and
I'll I mean, if this looks complicated,
don't worry, I'll break it down. And we
have to use $1.50 or we have to pay
$1.50 for 1,000 leads. So if we get $5
for free and we have to pay $1.50 for
1,000 leads, and this changes every
single scraper, depends on what they
are, then do the math there and it
should be around 4,000 leads if I'm
right. The math dudes in the comments,
let me know. But that's how much you
have to pay. So ideally what I would do
is I would go to the Apify store. Again,
it's like you're looking for a product
on Amazon. And the product that I want
is a product that is able to scrape IG
posts. Okay, so I want to sput scrape uh
or let's just do Instagram
post scraper. And we have two options.
>> [music]
>> Instagram post scraper and Apify
Instagram post scraper. So Apify is the
actual platform name, so I typically
would go for something that's Apify
based because again, it's a platform.
[music] 50,000, I think that's pretty
good. And $2.70 for 1,000 posts. That's
a bit steep, but I think it's fine. I
mean, we're not going to scrape 1,000
posts. I think we're going to do maybe
50 a week, so it's basically free cuz we
get $5 a month. And this is what the the
sort of UI looks like. So on the top, we
have the name of the scraper, then we
have the description, then we have the
input. So there's two different ways
that you can run the scraper that you
can actually use this. You can either go
on the platform and run it here, so run
the um start the actual scraper,
>> [music]
>> or you can use the JSON, you can connect
Apify to Any Ten, and [music] then be
able to run it automatically within the
no-code platform. And if that made no
sense to you, no worries, I'll explain
exactly what it is step by step, so
don't worry. Um but we can see here that
the inputs are
uh are
well, there's really only one. There's
one input,
>> [music]
>> which is either an Instagram username, a
profile URL, or a post URL. So if I go
to what was it? Evolving AI. I think
it's Evolving Yeah, there we go.
Evolving AI. If I go here, on the top is
a URL, and this is the post URL or the
profile URL that I get to paste here.
Right, and this is the I mean, the thing
I already had pasted, uh but it's the
input that we have that we give Apify
saying, "Hey, here's a profile URL, just
scrape these posts on this time frame,
this many posts." For this many posts in
this time frame. It says extract posts
that are newer than date. So the input
that has to go here is the URL of the of
the actual account, which you can change
with your own URLs if you want, then the
number of posts that we make, whether we
scrape, and then we scrape um
we're only scraping the posts that are
newer than this date [music] right here.
So, again, you can run this. If I press
start,
what this will basically do
is it will now say it's running right
here. And over time it will start giving
me results. So, results are just
basically here here's the output. As you
can see here, the actor is getting your
data. All right, so we're already seeing
some outputs come up. These are the
different uh text posts that we ideally
want to be able to then repurpose using
our tone of voice. Full name, the post
URL,
which comes from here. So, this is the
text that it extracted. Uh and we get a
bunch of them, which is great.
All right, so I mean, ideally you would
have to run this. Let me abort, which
means
that you stop the automation. Well, it
doesn't really mean that in real life,
but in the automation context it does.
But now we stopped the scraper. We said,
"Hey, stop scraping." But now we have
the different text posts that we would
like to use. So, we know this works cuz
we get the output.
So, all right, cool. [music]
Scraping IG posts using Apify. Then, the
next step would be
using AI
to check
if it's relevant. [music]
It is great that we get all this AI
news, but are they actually relevant to
who we're targeting and who our audience
is?
Um so, in this case we use AI.
Well, we can say ChatGPT, but I think AI
is fine. And then we ideally want to
rewrite
the post
using our tone of voice.
And then we would add it to a Google
Sheet. Now, this right here, this
automation, we ideally want to run it
every single week. So, the first step
actually is run
automation weekly
on a Monday
cuz we have fresh new ideas that we can
post. So, run automation weekly on a
Monday, post from Evolving AI, which is
an account on Instagram, scrape IG posts
using Apify, use the AI to check if it's
relevant.
Uh and then we rewrite the post using
our tone of voice and add it to the
Google Sheet. So, in this case, the
output is a Google Sheet full of
content. All right, we can get to
building now. All right, let's go to
n8n. And the first step that we have to
do is let me just do a trigger manually,
which means that just to test, but later
on we're going to replace this with a on
schedule, which will run every single
week. Uh so, we do trigger manually
right here. So, the first step
is to scrape IG posts using Apify.
So, how do we do this? Well, we have to
connect Apify to n8n. I can go here to
Apify.
And I have this node.
And I can now run an actor because,
again, these are all different actors
that we have within the actual platform.
But this is an actor. So, I can run an
actor. And then in order for us to
connect Apify, we have to go to create a
new credential.
You have to go to API key. I believe
that the API key you can find on
settings.
Yeah, API integrations and then you can
copy this right here.
If not, you have to create a new token
and I think when you're new to Apify.
Uh and then you paste it right here.
Let's do 100 million
connection
and press save.
And we're good to go.
And the resource is actor because we're
running an actor. The operation, so what
is the action that we're doing? In this
case it's running an actor. And then the
actor source, recently used actors is
fine. Now, one of the important thing
here is that if you go to the actors, so
again, went to Instagram. We can also go
to runs cuz we already run this already.
Apify Instagram Yeah, this is right
here. Apify Instagram post scraper.
In order for us to see it here, in order
for us to have it in our list of
scrapers,
we already have to run this in the
platform. So, if you don't see it here,
it's because we need to press start and
save.
And it will start the automation. It
will start the actual actor. You have to
run it once in order for then for you to
see it right here. Which in this case is
Instagram post scraper, Apify Instagram
post scraper. Cool. Now, it's asking us
for the input JSON. So, the input JSON
is essentially what is the thing that
we're feeding to the scraper saying,
"Hey, do this and then give us the data
back." Well, in this case,
we can either do it manually or we can
use JSON like I mentioned.
So, for us to use JSON, all we have to
do is copy this whole thing
and we delete this and paste it right
here.
So, I'm basically saying, "Hey, I'm
running it automatically. I'm using the
JSON that we have to use."
And that's it. And now what we're going
to do is we're going to be changing
the date. So, first I'm going to run
this just to get some test data. You can
wait for finish. This means that we're
waiting for the scraper to be done.
Let me execute step.
I go here, I can see that on the runs
now this is running. This is starting
the crawler, which means that it's
starting to scrape.
Well, what I was thinking here is
because this is saying, "Hey, only get
the posts newer than this date."
We want the date to be dynamic. We want
it to be the date that we're running it
minus [music] 7 days from the last week.
So, we only want to run posts from the
last 7 week. Have we finished? Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, cool. Okay, so
we got the data. In this case, we didn't
actually get the post, but we got
something called a default data set ID.
Now, Apify, the way it works is that we
run the actor.
And then we don't actually get the post
there. We have to give it to another
node in Apify, which is called the
get data set items. [music]
Yeah, right here.
And this node right here will be the one
with the same connection that we then do
a data set and get items and paste the
data set ID that we have from here,
which in this case
we can get from here. Default data set
ID.
So, I'm dragging it across.
This will be the thing that we use to
then extract the data. So, if I remove
the limit, I think you can remove it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I can pin this, [music] which means
that I don't have to rerun this again in
order to do the whole thing. I can now
execute the step.
And this will now give me the post. So,
the caption
for all the different items that we
have. This is a long, long list.
Uh yeah.
We can see it in schema. We can see it
in JSON and table as well.
All right, now that we got the data, now
we can move on to the next steps. And by
the way, all we did is run this run the
actor, send it here to then get the
data, so all the different post text
that we want for the next steps.
And that's it. Uh then we go here to
Miro.
This right here is [music] good.
This right here is also good.
And now we have to use AI to check if
it's actually relevant. So, the next
step right here is to add another node.
In this case it's an AI step. We're not
using an AI agent. We're using an AI
step, which in this case I think OpenAI
is I think pretty good at this. We can
now message a model.
In order to connect your OpenAI, you
have to create a new credential. You
have to go to platform.openai.com.
You have to go to dashboard.
Go to API keys.
Make a new secret key. Name it whatever
you want. You will have a code that you
will then paste back here as an API key
and press save. Now, bear in mind, this
is not free. Like all of this is not
free. You have to pay for API tokens,
which you can find in your profile,
billing, and then put some money here. I
think $5 is more than enough. It I mean,
it lasted me 6 months, so I think it
will last you, hopefully. Um
unless you completely bombard it with
with different scrapers. But that should
be fine. Now, once you have this
connected, the resource is text. The
operation, so what is the action that
we're doing? In this case it's message a
model. The model that we want to use
is mini 4.1 mini cuz I'm going for
quality and speed,
which is fine. So, again, for prompt we
have a system prompt, which is you are a
helpful, intelligent XYZ assistant. I'm
going to paste this.
If I go here full screen, then you can
see the whole prompt.
You're a helpful, intelligent, precise
Instagram post classifier for an
AI-focused audience, people who build
with or want to learn AI,
uh understand cool news that come out of
it and that actually strike and have an
interesting take.
I think it's a pretty good overall. I
mean, you would have to change this with
your audience and who you're targeting.
Um and then for the second message we
use a user message. For the user
message, I'm going to paste this.
If I go here,
zoom in, I can say, "Hey, classify the
Instagram post for an automation-focused
audience. Return only a verdict,
relevant or not relevant."
It's relevant if it's something
interesting news on AI that come out.
Not relevant if it's a motivational,
personal, non-automation, coding,
crypto, politics, finance, or tool
discounts, or vague hype with no build
{slash} impact. And then we want to
output this as JSON. Now, what what do
we use JSON here? It's because we only
want the output to be either one of
these items. We want it to say relevant
or not relevant. Right? And we toggle
this on.
Output confidence JSON because then
we're basically saying, "Hey, I told you
to do it JSON. Now, I'm telling the
system that the only output that it can
do is JSON." That's fine.
Uh now we have to add the actual data
that we're giving the
um the AI, which in this case is the
caption.
If I go here,
I'm basically saying, "Hey, here is the
Instagram
post to
analyze."
It did give me an output, but it's
because I ran it when I shouldn't have
run it. Uh and now I can drag this
across
and have this as a caption. So, the
caption is basically the text of the
post.
Let me execute the step again.
So, this is now running.
And now it should give me like an
accurate answer as well.
Let me rename this formatted. [music]
Classify.
Got it.
Classify relevance.
Rename.
Did it run? No, it didn't run. So, I
renamed it. Right.
Now it's running. Now, I actually forgot
to put one step in the middle because
ideally we're doing 20 items now because
in here
>> [music]
>> we're saying, "Hey, only get 20 items."
And we can put this to 100, whatever it
is. Let's put it to 100 cuz that's more
realistic. Um I mean, they post four
times a day.
What is it? Four times a day?
Let's do 30, actually. Or 50. Let's do
50. Yeah, we ideally don't want to send
all 50 here. Maybe we want to send 20 at
a time.
And now we can see
that we start to get the different
outputs. So, not relevant, not relevant,
relevant, not relevant, relevant, not
relevant, not relevant, relevant. So,
it's good because it's not giving us all
the information as relevant. It's only
uh filtering out the ones that we
actually care about based on audience.
So,
in order for us to actually not send 20
at a time, we can do we can batch it.
So, instead of cuz I put 50 here, when
we run this now, it will give us 50
posts. I don't want to send all 50 posts
through. I want to basically loop over
it. So, which means that we send only 20
through, then at the end of the
automation we bring it all back, and we
do another 20, and we do another 10
until it's finished. So, in order to do
that, we have to use the loop over
items.
This is saying, so we connect this to
this, by the way.
You can delete this
and delete this.
You're basically saying, "Hey, after
this, [music] loop over only 20 items.
So, I only want to send 20 posts through
at a time."
And the next step is here. And then at
the end, the last step of the
automation, we bring it all back to
here. So, it takes the ones that are
remaining. Now, one thing I also forgot
to put here is the date. So, [music]
if I go here inside, so now I can
manipulate the data.
So, here,
>> [music]
>> um ideally, it's telling us, "Hey,
this post have to be newer than a date."
Well, in this case, I want it [music] to
be the date that is running minus 7
days. The way to do that is to put
square brackets.
Put now, I believe.
dot
minus
seven. Let's see if I got this right.
days. No. It's giving us the actual
text.
We don't want that.
So, in this case, what I would do,
well, actually I can do
format. I think that works. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. I think that works.
So, we're formatting the date. I mean,
first of all, we're minusing, so now now
is today, then we're removing or we're
we're subtracting 7 days from now, so
last week, the past week.
And we're formatting it as YYYY and
MMDD, which outputs this as this. So,
let's try this out. I mean, could or
could not work.
So, we'll see. We'll only The only way
to know is to actually test.
So, let me unpin this and let me execute
this step. Okay, cool. It worked. Cuz if
it didn't work, it would give us an
error. Perfect. Okay, cool.
All [music] right, we know this works.
Let me stop the automation. And let me
Yeah, unpin this. It's fine. And now
after we classify the relevance, which
in this case
>> [music]
>> this step, now we want to be able to
rewrite the post using our tone of
voice.
So,
first step before we even go there, we
have to set different variables. Cuz I
want to extract the variables that I
actually care about from the data set
items. Cuz there's so many variables. I
mean, this overwhelms me. Ideally, I
want to get
the like count, comment count, views
count, and some other stuff as well. So,
in order to do that, I can go to edit
fields.
I can then go to
I think I have to run this.
Yeah, I think I have to run this.
[music]
Maybe not.
Let me try this.
There we go.
Little hack.
Um
And now I can put the
comment count.
Let me actually
one click hack. Instead of you [music]
putting the name, you can just drag it
across.
And it'll put the name itself.
And then I think it's like views,
if I'm not mistaken.
View Yeah, video view count. Put it
here.
And then I think it's likes, likes
count.
And then I think that is pretty much it.
So, likes count, comment count, views
count, and a full text and date posted.
Yeah. So, full text and date posted. The
full text in this case will be the
caption.
And the date posted will be the
timestamp right here. In this one. I
think it should be this one. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. It's this one.
But, I don't want it in this way. So,
later on we're going to change it.
But, it's fine.
So, for now we can set We can actually
leave this here. So, we can set the
variables and then go to the next step.
And this will make more sense once I
once I actually show you later. But,
essentially why I'm doing this is
because later on when I want to pull
information here from the
I'm not sure I want this.
From here,
I don't have to go all the way into here
and then start finding information.
I can just simply go here and find the
things that I need.
Right?
So, in this case,
the caption. We can leave this as is,
but I feel like I want this here.
Caption.
And I think this is fine.
The next step is in your automation to
be able to then filter.
Filter based on the ones that are
relevant. Some are relevant, some are
not relevant. So, I'm going to put a
filter here. You simply have to press
filter.
And the verdict
has to be equal to relevant.
So, the filter's saying, "Hey, only let
the ones that are relevant through to
the next steps."
So, if I
if I pin this,
and again, amazing feature and then
and I run this,
now I see that out of 20, only 12 went
through. Which means that only 12 were
accepted and were actually relevant.
Once this is done, now we can send it to
an AI, in this case Claude, because
Claude is better at making content.
We're able to rewrite the post using our
tone of voice. If I go here,
bot,
Anthropic in this case,
we can generate now message a model,
which again, you can find
I'm thinking you could find it.
Anthropic
down below.
There you go. Message a model. And
[music] you go inside, and now you to
connect your Claude, you have to go to
get the API key. You can go to Anthropic
the console, the console to Anthropic
the dashboard, and then get the API key.
You can create a key.
Name it whatever you want. And also,
make sure to add money into your billing
because it's not free.
But again, just like OpenAI, this is
very, very cheap. All right, cool. So,
now we can go back to n8n and we can
paste the API key. We can connect The
operation, [music] which is what is the
action we're doing? Again, message a
model. The list we can actually use
I think 3.5 Haiku is good.
Let me actually go to ChatGPT. That's
good.
Which Anthropic
model is good
>> [music]
>> is best
for content?
I mean, this is realistically what I
would do if I didn't really know.
And now ChatGPT will tell me.
It depends.
No, not complex. Yeah, 3.5 Sonnet.
So, we can use Sonnet, 3.5 Sonnet.
Yeah, that's fine. And now we can put
the prompt. Now, for the sake of time,
I'm not going to write the prompt from
scratch. I'm going to paste the one I
had before. But, it's fine because you
get to have the system for free. I'll
show you exactly how to get it, so don't
worry. Um now, this has the overview,
which is you are a helpful, intelligent
writing assistant. And now that I think
of it, this should probably be a system
prompt. Because as I [music] mentioned,
the system prompt is the prompt where
you tell it Oh, that's why. Okay.
All right. Take my words away. Uh
there's no system prompt option, so we
just leave it in the user prompt.
And you are a helpful, intelligent
writing assistant. The task is to
rewrite the Instagram post that I'm
going to give you in a way that
encapsulates encapsulates the original
theme but uses different words. I'm
targeting an audience that are people
who build
>> [music]
>> with or want to learn AI, and they are
always fascinated by new discoveries or
news that actually make an impact. My
results over the last year have
generated six figures, worked with over
40 businesses, and taught 17,000 people.
I've never gotten to do a bunch of fun
stuff like travel, enjoy my life, etc.
Rules uh use a youthful, young tone when
rewriting the Instagram post. Only
output the Instagram post and that's it.
Perfect. Now, on a technical level, the
prompt right here, where we use hashtag,
this is called markdown formatting.
Markdown formatting, you know when you
go to docs,
right? And you type something. When you
write an essay, you have the title,
which in this case is
heading one. So, title.
Then we have heading two.
Then we have heading three, right? Then
we have heading four, and then we have
text.
Right? And so, the same thing. One One
of this
I believe that it's title. Yeah.
And this right here is
heading two.
This right here is heading three.
And same thing with heading four as
well. So, this is why we add markdown
formatting in our prompts because then
AI can basically it knows the hierarchy
of the actual prompt, so it looks so it
knows to look at the overview first, the
task, and then my results and rules as
well. All right. Uh and now we can add
another user prompt, I believe, which is
the IG post because we want to give it
the post to actually rewrite. You can
say, "Hey, here is
the IG post to rewrite."
I can go
I think Yeah, it's here. Add a fields
and put caption. Drag it across. And the
good thing is that we actually get to
see the output before it's even
run, which is great. Um okay, cool. So,
this is good. Simplify output is good.
Now we can run this. Press this.
And this should run.
So [music] again, we only sent 12 items.
Yeah, 12 items.
We're We're ready to go. Okay, cool. Uh
in the meantime, let me make a Google
Sheet,
which is the database where we actually
get to store all the content. And I
believe I want the username,
the post URL,
the original post text,
and the re-
written
post text.
Okay, cool.
Make this white. [music]
Make this the middle.
Let me freeze that to row one. We're
good to go. Let me make this a bit
larger. So, now it's going to be a bit
bigger than that.
If I go back here, I should see that
this is not over. Cuz it does take a
while. Cuz Claude is time-consuming. But
now it's finished. We have
So, here, "Yo, this is actually insane.
Apple just dropped a game-changer.
AirPods Pro can actually now be your
personal translator.
Just tap both stems and booms. It picks
up your foreign language, cancels noise.
I know it could do that." All right, now
we bring it all back to the sheet. So,
this right here
So, I'm good. And look at how I'm
actually structuring the automation. So,
I map it out, and then every time that I
finish something, I go here to green cuz
[music] I'm It's called iterative
testing. So, we test every single step
to make sure that it's good. And then we
want to make sure some sort of
confirmation checklist that we can then
say, "Yes, it's good." before going to
the next step. So, the next step here is
adding everything to the Google Sheet.
Let me rename this.
IG.
Again, not ideal. Let me do IG.
And then here, let me do Google Sheets.
I can append a row on a sheet. Append a
row just means add a row. To connect
your Google Sheets, you have to go here
and sign in to Google.
>> [music]
>> This is a simple page. You can just
choose your account and so on.
Um that's fine.
Once you're done with this, you can do
sheet within document append a row cuz
this is the action that we're doing. The
document will be IGGGG.
Choose the right account.
Yeah, there we go. The sheet will be
sheet one.
Which is this one right here.
And now we want to be able to map all
the fields. So mapping just means that
we want the username to be something
from here. We drag it across. Post URL,
original post, and rewritten post as
well.
So the username
I believe we can find I mean what was
his name? Evolving AI? Yeah, there we
go. Owner full name.
I can drag it across. Now what do we
actually want? This is because what if
we change the URL of another person
later on? We still want to know exactly
where the post came from.
And then we want the post URL.
Post URL.
There we
This right?
Yep, it's good. Uh and now the original
post text is I can get from the
I might have been beginning to actually
use N 8 N for the first time. Maybe
[music] I get so confused here.
There's so much to so much to look at.
Um and then the caption is this.
It's good. And now the
message of model which is the text. The
rewritten post. I like how we just
translated it in our own tone of voice.
Yo, this is actually insane. This is
wild. [music] I like that.
Apple just dropped a game changer. All
right, cool. Um all right. We can test
this as always. We can pin this I think.
Yep.
We're good. So now we should see this.
It's going to be formatted weird or not.
Yeah, it's good. [music] Uh what I'm
going to do is I'm going to make this
smaller.
I want to see the username, the post
URL.
Perfect. The original post and then
[music] rewritten post. I like all of
this apart from this. Yeah, like this I
mean this is obviously not ours, right?
Yeah, this is not ours. So let me go to
AI hello rules.
Do not use any CTA
at the end. Not the best change in
prompt, but it's fine.
>> [music]
>> We're going to run it from scratch um
again so don't worry. But now that we're
finished with this
so we said hey, okay. We run this actor.
We got the data.
We set the fields cuz it's easier for us
to actually map later on. I mean this
should work on its own. Um then we said
okay, we maybe we can get 50 posts, but
I only want to run 20 posts at a time.
So [music] we run 20 posts here.
Classify the relevance. If it's
relevant, then we go to actually make
the post. Then we add it to the sheet
and then we go back here and we run
[music] the next 20 and the next 20
until it's finished. Well, in this case
it's 50, right? So it will run twice and
then it will run three times. On the
third it only get 10. Finish. Let me
unpin all of this. There we go. Let me
save this. Let me refresh the page. And
now I should be able to run this.
Yeah.
Execute workflow. I can now wait. If I
go to the post creator, I can see that
this is now running. And this usually
takes about 20 per seconds. It can be a
minute depending on how many results you
want.
46 seconds.
Yeah, depends.
You can start to see the posts that are
being scraped right now. And we only get
the data.
Okay. That was 19. 19 posts. Okay, cool.
We get the data when it's finished.
So it goes here. Now it's going to
classify the relevance. Let me check in
here. Yeah, it's good. I guess it only
found 20 posts uh from the last 7 days
which is fine.
Cuz we did put a time frame, right? And
it's going to rewrite them and then put
them into the IGGGG database.
>> [music]
>> Now the reason why we see we give it
like hey, you can script 50 posts, but
in the past 7 days they only had 20. So
>> [music]
>> uh I didn't find 50. I mean you can see
here that the content is now being added
to the Google Sheets. So if I go here
I can see that more content has been
added.
I mean this is 24.
>> [music]
>> And we made 11.
So 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11. So these 11
are the ones that have just been added,
right?
Which is great. And we have more
content. As you can see, there's no CTA.
Changed it compared to this.
Where is the CTA?
So we made that change.
Perfect. Um
All right. Now the only thing we have to
change in this automation is that we
have to run this every week.
I can delete this. Now I can go here
on a schedule.
And say weeks.
One week. We can trigger this on a
Sunday at midnight which is Oh actually
no, I set it on Monday. Let's do Monday.
Um Monday at 6:00 a.m. [music] Cuz who
wakes up before then? Um and then we
press save.
And now you should have a working
automation that runs every week. It will
scrape the different posts. It will get
the data set items. It will then set the
nodes or set the variables. [music] It
will then only run 20 at a time.
It will classify whether it is actually
relevant for our target audience. It
would only send the ones through that
are actually relevant. It would then
rewrite them. So let me rename this to
rewrite
post
before adding them to our Google Sheet
database with all the content right
here.
Hey, I'm about to build a live Twitter
parasite system right in front of you
that scrapes tweets from top performing
posts on Twitter based on a keyword that
we give it, rewrites them in your tone
of voice using AI, and turns them into a
stream of content that you can post on
automatically. So I'm just going to run
it and show you exactly the outcome that
we get. We have a form where we can add
a keyword. So in this case let's just
put AI agents.
And I submit. This now starts the
automation. It calls a scraper on Apify
so you can scrape the top 100 tweets on
Twitter based on that specific keyword
that we give it.
If we go here, we can see that this is
running.
It's got 80 so far.
So you can see now it went to the wait
because we're waiting 5 seconds before
adding it to the next Apify node to get
all the data and then add to the first
AI step which will classify the
relevance of the tweet whether it's it's
actually good for us to actually post it
or whether it could be considered a good
content idea.
And we're only letting 50 items through
at one time cuz we want to make sure
that we don't give all the AI
all the context and all 217 tweets.
This now sends only the relevant tweets
now to the other agent or to the other
AI step which will rewrite it in our
tone of voice before adding it to the
Google Sheet. All right, if you go here
to our Google Sheet, we can see that we
have the AI agent keyword, the original
post or the original tweet, and the
rewritten tweet [music] that we take in
order for us to then be able to post it
to our platform. All right, so let's
dive in. I'm going to go to a new
workflow.
Workflow personal right here. We start
from zero. Now in theory I would have to
go to Miro which is a platform where we
actually map out the automation before
actually building it. We're going to
start strategizing behind what is it
that we want, right? Now initially a
parasite system is using someone else's
content to be able to repurpose it for
our own.
And so because we're talking about
Twitter
Twitter operates with keywords. As in
like you give a keyword and you can get
a bunch of tweets. So the input has to
be a keyword, right? The input is a
keyword. That's the input.
Now the keyword can be can be a form,
can be a button, can be
a message. It can be different things.
Um we can Sorry, we can give the input
in different different ways. A form, a
message, whatever it is, an email. But
in this case because we have Notion
Sorry, N 8 N forms integrated within N 8
N, we can use the form right here.
Okay. Actually, let me just put N 8 N
form here.
And this will be the keyword. That will
be like the only question that will be
asked. Now after we have the form uh
with the N 8 N keyword
we would be able to we should send it to
a scraper. In this case we use Apify and
I'll talk about which one's the best,
how we actually find them, and all that
sort of stuff. Um but in this case we So
um scraper
scrapes
tweets
based on keyword.
Scrape tweets. I can just put scrape
tweets.
Based on keyword. Let's make it bigger.
And now we want to be able to send it to
an AI because not all tweets that come
from that keyword are relevant to what
we do. So use AI
to check
if
to check relevance.
And then if it's relevant, we want to
rewrite it. Okay?
Rewrite
relevant
tweets.
Okay, so that's exactly how it's going
to go and then we're going to be adding
it to a Google Sheet.
N 8 N form scrape tweets based on
keyword that we have using the form.
Then we use AI to check the relevance.
Then we rewrite the relevant tweets. Uh
so this will be a filter in here. It
will be a filter whether it's actually
relevant or not.
And then we can rewrite it and then add
it to a Google Sheet. Okay, I think
that's pretty
pretty It's pretty standard, pretty
easy. Um
The first step here is N 8 N form.
So let me actually make that on N 8 N.
And again this is step by step so you'll
see everything. The first step right
here I can press add. I can go here and
now I can add the different options. In
this case it will be on form submission
because we're using the N 8 N form right
right here.
So if I press this
I'll have this page.
Now again N 8 N forms, we have a test
URL, we have production URL. The test
URL is something that we use when we're
actually testing the automation. But
once this button right here is turned
on, we actually activate the automation
so we don't have to keep executing your
workflow every time manually.
Uh we will be using production URL. But
in this case let's leave it here cuz
we're testing. Authentication will leave
it uh we don't need any password.
Authentication is sort of saying do you
want a password to your form? We don't
need it. Uh the form title can be
Twitter
parasite
system.
Yeah, there we go. Uh I don't know for
some reason I always put the Y instead
of the I. And then here you can add
Please
add a keyword to activate
this system.
And now we can So this will be the form
description as in what you'll see in the
form. And now we can add we can start
adding the questions.
So we if we add add from element, this
just means add a question. Uh the field
name will be keyword.
It will be a text and placeholder let's
just put an example AI automation.
Okay, and this will be an example thing
they they see before they even write it
to get an idea what they have to put. We
put required.
And it's asking us respond when form is
submitted. Yes, because you want the
trigger
we want to send information there when
the form is submitted.
And that's it.
Uh so let me execute the step. Let me
test this out.
Let me do AI agents.
I submit and now here I should be able
to see the output.
And it's green, all good. And the
keyword is AI agents. Followed by the
date, the form mode which is in test
mode, right? Because we're using the
test URL. Uh so that's good.
>> [music]
>> Uh so that's the first step done. Now we
can go on to the next step which is the
Apify. So scrape tweets based on
keywords. Uh let me delete this. We'll
go to Apify from scratch. We'll go to
apify.com which is a platform where
it's sort of like a Amazon and the thing
the products that you're buying are
scrapers. Okay, and scraper and the the
Amazon products someone makes them, you
just use them. Okay? So in this case
that's exactly what this is. People make
scrapers, you just use them
to do whatever. Uh and it's all code in
the back end, right? Again, we don't
want to use code. So that's why we use
Automate.io system.
Um
so
typically when it comes to to scraping
like the first thing you do is go here
and search up
the thing that you want to do. In this
case it's Twitter scraping.
What's there you should have a look at
the reviews. Like that's the first thing
I would look at. Reviews, reviews,
reviews.
And the ratings and then I would go out
and look for the price. Now because I
already did this, um I have on home
this this scraper right here which is if
you want to if you want the actual
thing, just copy this x data {slash}
Twitter x scraper. You can copy this,
you can go here Apify store, you can
paste it.
And you will have this one right here.
Okay, so this is the one that we're
going to use because of the fact that
it's actually very cheap. So Apify
actually gives us $5 to anybody who
signs up
every month. Okay? And we have 8 GB.
This is more than enough to be using
this scraper which is 35 cents per 1,000
tweets. If we scrape 100 tweets per
keyword
we have to do and that's that's what?
That's very that's not even like that's
not something to even mention, right? In
terms of price. So it's basically free.
Um so you can use it as much as you
want.
Uh obviously again, not infinite, right?
Because we still have 35 cents per 1,000
tweets, we have $5. So with that being
said um
we have basically the scraper tells us
that the input in this case can either
be a start URL, it can be a URL of a
tweet or whatever it is.
It can be a search term
which is a keyword
or it can be a Twitter handle.
Okay? In this case, we want to be able
to add a keyword because that's the
thing that we're inputting
which is why we add so if I press X, I
can add here.
I'm going to do AI
automation, whatever it is. And for you
to actually see it on end to end, you
have to actually start and run it once
for it to save.
So I already did this, so I don't have
to do this again, but you can start and
then save it.
And then maximum number of atom output,
that's good. All right, so let me go to
end to end and actually cuz I have this
scraper already
I'm going to go to Apify
right here and I'm going to run an actor
because the actor is the scrapers like
the scraper itself is called an actor.
Uh so if I press run an actor, it gives
you the option to um to actually connect
Apify to end to end. I press here, I can
now put the API key which I can find
when I go to settings.
I go to API integrations and this will
be
the one here. Default API token. I copy
this and I go out here and I paste it
this will now let me put
100
connection
100
connection
second [music]
September
I press save, this will now save. As you
can see here
you can't see it cuz I'm there, but uh
it will be credentials successfully
created.
I go here and now I will have the
connection. Okay? The resource will be
actor, the operation will be run an
actor cuz that's the action that we're
doing.
Actor we can be uh actor source recently
used actors.
You should do Apify store actors in case
you haven't used it yet.
From the list now you have a list of
actors that you've probably used. If you
did this the first time you'll see none
of them. Um
but
you I mean you will see the one that you
just you just run which is the one that
I would just spoke about which is the
one here.
So this is the one that you have to use.
Look for the handle x data Twitter
scraper or look for the name xcom uh
x.com Twitter API scraper. I go here, I
can then look the thing, right? And it
tells us the name. So we know that it's
this one. I want to press this
and now it's asking me for a few things.
It's asking me what's the input JSON? So
how do you know the input JSON? Well
you can actually scrape on Apify using
two different ways. You can scrape on
the platform, so you can go here and
actually put the keyword and run it and
get the results manually and download as
a CSV or whatever it is. Or you can
actually use it automatically. Use it
automatically, you need the JSON here.
So this is the manual process. In in
case you want to use JSON, we have to
press this button right here. And now it
gives us
the JSON that we can copy
right? And the only thing we have to
change in this case is the search term
>> [music]
>> which is the variable that we get from
the form that we fill out. Okay? So if
we
copy this whole thing
we go here, we paste it back
Uh okay, so if you do this, we just copy
it. And now
the only thing we have to change here
because the search term is the thing
that's dynamic we have to change the
search term which we get from the
keyword. If I delete this
and I pull this across
keyword
in the middle
right?
Make sure that it is in the middle. Make
sure that it's
uh that it's not here.
Make sure that it is in the middle
between the two quotes.
So now what this will do is this
variable right here will be changed.
Okay, it will be dynamic. It will be
something that changes as the form
submissions change. So what did we do
here? We created the actor, we connected
the actor, we said okay, this actor is
fine. Then I went to Apify and said
okay, if this is the normal way of doing
things with these with these settings AI
automation 100 and so on top
the JSON for it is this.
Top AI automation 100 and so on, right?
So you want to copy this. You're going
to paste it here and then the only thing
you want to replace is the actual
keyword that you use uh to actually
scrape the tweets.
And it's asking us for um wait for
finished. In this case, yes we want to
wait for finished. What this means is
that we can if we toggle this off, we
can basically send the data to the
the actor but it will run it will say
it's successful as in it won't give us
the the data back, it will just run it.
But if you press wait for finished, what
it will do is that it will send the
information to the actor like this. It
will wait for the actor which in this
case can take 45 seconds to finish and
then it will give us the data. Okay? So
in this case that's exactly what we
want.
Uh time out, we don't need time out.
Memory is fine.
That's fine.
So let me actually test this. Uh in this
case I can press execute step.
I believe, yeah.
So what this will do is it will go here.
You see how now
it's running. So it's running a new
search term uh based on the
keyword AI agents which we just run
before.
Again, execute step. The good thing
about end to end is that you can
actually test it using the data from the
previous steps. So now it's waiting. So
we're we're actually waiting for the
data to come back. We scraped 60 so far.
And now we have to wait another 20 more
seconds for it to to load. Um but this
right here is is basically what's
happening. It's giving us a whole log of
the whole of everything that's happening
within the actual platform and how it
scripts. All right, cool. So it's
finished. If I go here, I can see that I
get different data. But we don't
actually get like you can see here we
don't actually get the tweets. What we
get is a bunch of fields and
the thing that you really have to care
about is this right here, default data
set ID. Because this right here is the
thing that we're going to feed into the
next node
the Apify for us to actually extract the
information. So if I copy this code
and I go here and I put another Apify
node, Apify
in this case it can be get data set
items.
So let me I mean I can just find it.
There we are, right here. Get data set
items. So if I go to get a get data set
items, what this means is that
the only thing that we have to feed it
is the data set ID.
So if I paste it manually, in this case
we have to be automatic.
I execute the step. Now this will give
me all the data just 50 items, 50 tweets
for that specific keyword. Where we can
where we can go through. I go on table
and see that it's a bunch of data and
it's divided into pages.
This is how we get the data from Apify.
This actor runs, we wait for it to
finish, then we get the data set ID
which we feed into the second node which
will get all the data from that data set
ID and then we can go out and uh and use
it for whatever. Now the limit we can
leave to 500.
So if I go to execute step
now we see 179. It was 50 because that's
the limit. Um
well that was the limit.
Data set ID, well that's the thing we
have to replace. In this case you can go
here to default data set ID.
And you want to drag it across here.
And the connection is the same. The
resource is data set. Operation is get
items.
Uh offset, limits and that's all good.
All right, so now that we have the data,
we can go to the next step. So if I go
here to Miro
uh the next step is to use AI to check
the relevance. There's only one problem
here is that we're sending 179 items to
the AI step which you can't do because
sometimes it can overload which means
that it's too much information and will
not run, it will error out. Uh so
[music] in this case, in order for us to
actually be able to send
let's say 50 and then 50 again and then
50 again until it finishes we have to
use a loop over items. So I go loop
over items.
And now it's asking me for a batch size.
So batch size is saying okay, what is
that number how many items do you want
to send through before we loop back and
get another, right? So in this case we
can do 50
and leave everything else as is.
So in theory now
it will get 179 or whatever it is it
needs to get. It will send it it will
send only send 50 through
based on here and then it will go back
50 again, 50 again until it finishes.
Okay, so I'm going to delete this.
Let me delete this. And now I can start
adding the next steps of the automation.
So in this case again is the AI to check
the relevance. So we can go here loop to
AI
we can go to open AI
message a model because we're messaging
a model.
And now, in order for us to connect our
OpenAI to n8n, we have to go here to
create a new credential.
We have to get the API key. Now, the API
key is something is sort of like a
password that says, "Hey, and then you
have access to my account. You can talk
to it. You can talk to the GPTs,
whatever it is you have to do."
automatically. In order for us to get
the API key, we have to go to here to
platform.openai.com.
We can go to uh you have to sign in, of
course. Go to dashboard. Go to API keys
on the left-hand side. You can create a
new secret key on the top right. Uh name
it whatever you want. So, we can do n8n
workflow.
When you create a secret key,
this now will be the API key that we
will use
when you have to go back to n8n and
paste it here.
Okay? Now, make sure you don't share
this API key with anyone cuz it is um
it is something that if someone else has
access to it, they'll start spamming
your money. Um so, don't do it. So, copy
this, bring it back here, paste it, and
then you will have the connection
sorted. Now, once this is done, you'll
have the connection here. The resource
is text. The operation will be message a
model. The operation is sort of saying,
"What is it that we're doing?" Uh and
then from the list, the models, we can
just use Let's do 4.0 latest. I think
that's fine.
Or 4.0 mini.
I think 4.0 mini is 4.0 Yeah, 4.1 mini.
That's like
We're looking for something that's like
quality plus speed, right? Um so, 4.1
mini. That's fine. All right, so we have
the prompt right here, which is in this
case a system prompt because again, we
give it an identity. Uh if I go in here,
let me just zoom in.
You can say, "You are a helpful, precise
tweet classifier for an
automation-focused audience, uh people
who build or learn automations, n8n,
make.com, Zapier, uh APIs and webhooks,
AI agents, RPA, workflow ops,
integration patterns, rebuild tool
releases that impact automation work."
Now, this will obviously be replaced
with whatever you're doing. Um so, you
can change this to to your kind of
audience. Uh but for me, it's AI
automation. And now, I'm going to start
adding the user and assistant. So, for
the user, I'm going to add a prompt that
allows it to
So, user.
Uh to see whether this is relevant or
not. So again, system is for you are a
helpful, intelligent XYZ. So, it knows
it's that thing. So, if it thinks it's
that thing, it's going to the output of
quality is going to go better uh cuz you
give it an identity. And now, for the
user prompt, we say, "Hey, classify a
tweet for an automation-focused
audience. Return only verdict uh
relevant or not relevant." So, this is
using JSON.
We're saying, "Hey, only output this.
This is the key. This is the value.
Relevant or not relevant um based on
these rules. Relevant if it contains
actual automation content, how-tos,
rebuild, API, webhooks, integrations,
agent, RPA, workflows, templates, or ops
patterns." Cuz in this case, we only
want things that are actually relevant
to what we do. And then not relevant if
it's generic AI tech news, motivational,
personal, non-automation, coding, uh
politics, finance, or tool discounts, or
vague hype with no build impact. And we
only tell it to output JSON only. Okay?
Because that's the only variable that we
want. We don't really care about
anything else. We just want to say,
"Hey, is this relevant or is this not
relevant?" Uh once this is done,
now
we can give it the tweet. Um so, if I
add another user message,
so in this case, I have to I believe I
have to run the previous steps.
Yeah, I have to run the previous steps.
For me to see here, I have to execute
previous nodes. This case, it's running.
So, we have to wait about 40 seconds,
but then we'll be able to pin the data,
and then we can we don't have to rerun
everything again.
All right, so it just finished running.
Um I mean, now we're using AI.
But we have the variables on the
left-hand side that we can use to
actually add it here.
Uh I'm just going to stop this.
There we go. Okay.
Now, all we have to add is this. So, we
added, "You are a a helpful, intelligent
um whatever assistant." And the prompt
is, "You need to check whether the
actual tweet is relevant or not." Uh but
now, we have to give it the tweet. So,
the last user message will be, "Here's
the tweet
that you need to classify."
And now, we have to find the tweet here.
So, if I go to not loop over items, it
will be get it data set items for sure
because that's where the data's all at.
If I scroll, something you have to do
with these sort of things cuz there's so
many fields. Most of them don't matter.
Okay. Okay. Yeah, it's definitely
description.
Description.
That's the closest thing that looks like
a tweet. Yeah, description. So, now we
can
drag this across.
Not loop over items.
This one right here. We can [music] drag
this across. Make sure it's a verify.
Right here. And now, this will be the
thing that will be used to actually
check whether it's relevant or not. So,
here we can rename this to relevance
agent. Although, it's not really an
agent, right? Cuz it's just a step. It's
an AI step. All right, cool. So, once we
do this, now we can
We can go to the next step, which in
this case is actually filtering. Okay?
So, we want to actually run this
because
we want to make sure that we have the
data to test.
Uh but I actually forgot to do one
thing. So, this agent's going to run,
but I forgot to do one thing, which is
turn this on. Uh output content as JSON
because we tell it, "Hey, output this as
JSON." So, we have to turn this on to
let it know the output is JSON. That's
all it is. Uh so, now what it's doing is
it's uh running through 50.
So, I mean, we still get the data. And
I'll show you exactly what it looks
like.
Um but now, it's running through all the
prompts. It's checking every single
first or every single Twitter um post
that's made.
And that's the thing we're going to use
to go into the next steps. All right, so
you can see now uh it's null. There's no
data.
So, now we have to turn this on, output
content as JSON, and let's rerun it
again. I said execute the step again.
Now, it will take the data from these
steps, and now it will run it again to
make sure that we can now actually test
the data or test the the step to make
sure that we we have the correct things.
All right, cool. So, now that it's
finished, I can see here
schema.
Okay, why did it error out? Why did it
not work as we expected it to? Okay,
this is part of the process, so let's
see.
I think it might be because of it's not
actually the author description, it's
the text.
Let me just press text here, and let's
see what I get.
It should be full Okay, that's why.
Okay. Full text.
I think that might be it. Yeah, yeah,
yeah. I think I'm right. Full text is
the full text of the Twitter post. So,
let me execute the step again.
And again, this is part of the process.
I mean, we we mess up. We have to see.
We have to check the variables, not
check the variables, see what works or
what doesn't work. Um And if I didn't
show this part of the process, I'd be
lying cuz that's always what we go
through when we build automations.
I'm just going to wait again until it
finishes. All right, cool. So, now if I
go in here, I can see that now we have
relevant, not relevant, and so on. Now,
the next step here is to add a filter
because we're asking it to give us the
relevant and not relevant so that we can
filter out the ones that are not
relevant and only send the ones that
are. In this case, to add a filter, we
just press plus and put filter.
Remove items matching a condition. This
case, the filter would be
if the verdict is equal to relevant,
then we send only those one through.
That's it.
That's all we're doing. So, if I run
this,
believes that it will do it.
Yes. Should do it.
Or it's running Oh, it's going to run it
again. Okay.
I forgot to pin the data. Okay, I should
have pinned the data so that I don't
have to run it again. For always for
always remember to pin the data cuz then
you see how now to rerun this to only
run the step, I have to start everything
again, and I have to wait like 40
seconds. Um so, lesson learned. Uh we're
going to pin the data in the next uh in
the next round. All right, so it just
finished, and you see how of the 50 that
went through, only 27 stayed. Only 27
were relevant. Now, let me pin this
data. I can drag it across, and press P.
So, now if I wanted to test this again,
I would just um
have this finished.
And now, to get into the next steps, uh
we have to go to the rewrite relevant
tweet. Okay, we're still going to use an
AI, but in this case, we're not using
OpenAI, we're using Claude. Now, the
reason why we're using Claude is cuz
Claude is extensively better at writing
content. Okay? So, if I go here and I
type Claude, Anthropic,
I can go to generate a prompt.
Zoom out. Now, to connect your Claude to
the uh n8n, we have to go here, create a
new credential. You have to get the API
key. So, we can go to anthropic.console.
Um get the API key.
Create a key right here.
You can name it whatever you want, and
then you can add, and you'll get the API
key.
Once that's done, you bring it back, and
you will paste it here.
All right. So, now that you pasted it
and now you connected your API key to
Claude, the resource is text. We want to
message a model. The list uh let's do
3.5 Haiku. That's fine.
I think that is one of the best at
writing content.
Or is it Sonnet? Okay, let's just do
Haiku in this case. I think this is like
the fastest. It takes the most context,
uh the most amount of words. And the
prompt in this case, let me just copy it
from the automation I made before.
It's the one here.
It says, "Overview. You're a helpful,
intelligent writing assistant.
Uh rewrite the tweet that I'm going to
give you in a in a way that encapsulates
the original theme, but uses different
words." So, that's what paraphrase and
just means. We're taking something and
rewriting it in our own words. "I'm
targeting this audience. My results uh
are this. So, worked with over generated
just under six figures, worked with 40
businesses, and taught over 17,000
people. And I got to do a bunch of fun
stuff like travel, enjoy my life, etc.
The rules is use a non-fluffy, young
tone when rewriting the tweet because
that's me. Young. Um and then only
output the tweet, and that's it."
That's a pretty standard prompt. That's
a pretty good prompt. It has overview.
It has task, and it has my results. Now,
what you see here is hashtags. Hashtags
are in mark They're used for markdown
formatting. So, this right here means
it's heading one. This right here is
heading two. Heading two. Heading one.
Okay? We do this because that way, the
GPT knows what's the title, and it can
it can basically categorize or has the a
hierarchy to what to look at first.
All right, so now that this is done, we
can now prompt the same model to uh we
have to give it tweet essentially for it
to actually do something.
So, we can add a message, user. In this
case, we can say, "Here is the tweet
to rewrite."
Rewire. Rewrite.
All right, and now we can pull the tweet
from
So, if
uh was it full text?
Yeah, full text.
There we go.
All right. So, now that this is done, uh
we can I believe test.
Yeah, we can test.
Let me actually me pin this.
Pin this as well.
Cuz I don't want any problems having to
run everything.
Uh let's uh let's execute the step. So,
now it's actually running.
This is running, taking the data from
here and from here.
And it's going to give us an output.
Which you then need. All right, in the
meantime,
uh once we finish this, we have to make
a Google Sheet. Okay, so let's make the
Google Sheet right now.
Let's go to
sheet.new.
Let me copy the headers that I had
before, keywords, original post, and
rewritten post. Cuz again, we want the I
mean that what I wanted here when I
actually thought of the system was the
keyword. I I want to see exactly what uh
where the comment came from, the
keyword. The original post, so in this
case, it'll be the original tweet,
rewritten tweet.
Okay, that's fine.
All right, so you can see this is taking
uh a bit long, but that's fine.
Cuz it is taking I mean it is Claude. It
is 27 items as well to rewrite
something, so that's uh that's normal.
So, now let's rename the sheet to
Twitter.
Mhm, Twitter system, cuz I already named
this parasite system. Twitter system.
The sheet is one. Uh let's put this to
new
tweets
ideas.
And now okay, we have the output here,
which in this case is rewritten uh
rewritten tweets that we can use. And
now we want to store everything in a
Google Sheet. So, I'm going to go here,
press plus, sheet, Google Sheet, add
row, so append a row. Append just means
add.
And now you have to connect your Google
Sheet. So, you have to go here, create a
new credential. You can sign in with
Google. It will take you to a page. You
can just press the account. In this
case, this is my account.
Press okay.
It's successful. Means it's all good.
You can go back to N8N.
Name this
Kelley connection.
And then update. Press save.
That's fine. The connection's made. Now
we want to do a sheet within the
document. We want to append a row.
Again, operation just means what's the
action that we're doing.
And the document is Twitter
system.
Twitter system. Cool. And the sheet is
new tweet ideas.
We want to leave this as map each column
manually because this is the manual
step. We want to basically map the
variables to the columns so that they
change and they add every single time.
In this case, the keyword is
where can I find the keyword somewhere
here? No, I think I think we have to run
this. Yeah, yeah, we have to run this.
Execute step.
Okay, wait. Let me get the Let me get
the link. Execute step.
AI agents.
Now I have this. I can pin this.
So, that here I think now
I'll have access. Okay, I think I need
to rerun.
Oh, no, here right here.
Mhm.
Yeah, I'm going to have to rerun all the
steps
in order to get the data.
That's fine.
That is okay. That is okay, it happens.
I should definitely get better at
pinning data and
making sure the data is not we don't
have to rerun the whole thing.
And we can have previous steps pinned.
So, we can use it for the next steps.
And learning process here, so it's fine.
Okay, so now this is done. When this is
done, we have to pin this. Uh we'll be
able to access this variable right here,
I believe.
And then we can add everything to the
sheet. All right, cool. So, now it uh it
ran successfully. Let me pin this as
well.
And here,
uh at least one value has to be added.
Yeah, that's fine cuz we didn't add any
keywords. Uh here I should be able to
see the keyword. Perfect.
Original tweet, this is
the text, so full text.
Let me do something actually cuz I I
keep having to be looking at this. Let
me just put a set
a set variables node. Like I'll show you
exactly what it is, but um let's do
keyword.
It just makes it so I don't have to go
back to here and and find everything.
But if I put keyword here
and I put uh
get data set items,
I put text. This is like the tweet.
Original tweet.
And this is re
written tweet.
I can go to Claude
and get this.
Now
if I go here to
to Google
Sheets. Let me run this. Using the item
method does not work when pinned data in
this scenario. Please unpin get data set
items and try again. [music]
Okay.
So,
we're in a bad position again.
That's fine. Let me just do AI agents
and then I can change this later.
Let me just
start this.
Simple filter.
Okay, cool. Then this runs. Okay, I just
wanted the data here so I can I can just
send it here.
Okay, now you see how I don't have to go
back and forth in the form.
Find it here, find it here, find it
here. I already have it here. Keyword,
original tweet,
and rewritten post or tweet. Okay, so
it's much easier for me to uh to
actually use it.
Now if I go here, I need to send this
back
to the keyword.
I don't know why I did I don't know why
I did that. There you go. It's here.
Keyword.
So, that's fine.
Because again, we're mapping it from
from the previous steps.
And lastly, I'm just going to run
everything from scratch
to see how everything works. And one
more thing we have to do is this right
here. When it finishes, we have to get
back
uh here
to make sure that we get the rest that
are finished. Because we have 100 uh
215, only 50 go through all this. We
want to go all the way back to get
another 50 until it finishes.
Let me unpin this.
I'm just pressing P. I'm hovering over
it, pressing P.
Now we're going to start the whole thing
from scratch. Let me reload.
Let me get this whole thing good.
Let me execute workflow.
Let me do
MCP.
Mhm, yeah, I think I think it's fine. I
think it's pretty it's a pretty hot
topic right now. So, submit.
We can go here. So, now it's running the
actors. If I go to Apify,
I can go to running and I can see here
that is running, which is great to see.
I guess most most of the times when
you're building automations, things
don't go your way and things don't work,
but it's about figuring it out. That
that's how you really become the system
architect. Uh when things don't go your
way, you just build, you iterate, you
just get better. And now we can see all
of this is running, which is great.
Um how many workers did I get? Okay,
we've got 97 so far. All right, now it
went to get the data set items.
It then sent it to the first AI step to
check the relevance of the agent. Then
again, as you can see here, only 50 went
through. And also, if you're asking what
done is, this just means once everything
is looped and everything's fine, what is
the thing [music] we do? In this case,
if you leave it blank, nothing will
happen. Uh but you can maybe send an
email to yourself saying, "Hey, uh we
just finished looping through all the
items." In this case, we don't it's not
really necessary, so we don't have to do
it. All right, so it's good. Out of 50,
only 27 went through. Now we're using
Claude to rewrite the posts, which will
take about 40 seconds uh before we add
everything to the sheet. All right, so
now it's finished and now it's going to
the Google Sheet.
Now it's going back to get the other 50.
So, I can see here that I mean it is a
bit messed up. So, if I go here and I
actually format it,
I can see that now the keyword is MCP.
This is the original tweets. This is the
rewritten tweets.
Now I can use this for whatever it is I
have to use.
All right, which I have a stream of
content ideas just come through based on
a topic tweets based on that topic in uh
in Twitter that I can use.
Hey, I'm about to show you an AI system
that I built that scripts YouTube
comments from any video and turns them
into fresh, high-converting video ideas.
Pulls in real feedback from your
audience or even your competitors so you
can see exactly what people want, what
they're confused by, and what they're
asking for next. All right, so this
right here is a full end-to-end
automation that I built. Uh and by the
way, if you want the free resource, the
whole template that you can download for
your account, all you have to do is go
to my free school community, go to
classroom, go to tap it's vault, and
right here you'll see the latest video
that I posted with the resource that you
can download. And if you're unsure as to
how to import it onto your account,
there's also a tutorial right here that
I made, which is import blueprint to
N8N.
All right, with that being said,
let's dive in. So, the automation itself
is is a workflow. So, this is not an AI
agent and there's a very specific reason
for that and we'll talk about that in
just a second. But it's separated into
six different steps. The first step is
list of YouTube channels. So, we have a
list of YouTube channels in the a
channel ID. So, we have a channel ID
from each channel. From each channel, we
took the 15 posts that are most recent
from the feed. We script comments from
those posts, the most recent ones. Then
we check with AI if it's relevant to
what we do and who we help and who we
serve. Uh if it's relevant, it makes a
title for that idea or comment, a
YouTube channel, a video idea that could
happen based on that comment. Then
based on if it's relevant, we also
generated hook and outline and we store
everything in Notion, which is where we
store everything for YouTube ideas and
so on that you can then use to actually
draft it and post it and so on. All
right, cool. So, the way it's going to
work, I'm going to run this. Um so,
typically you would have this running
every month, but I'm going to add a
manual trigger.
So, I'm going to go here.
Otherwise, trigger manually, right here.
Connect it.
So, I want to see I want to show you
exactly how it works and how it looks
and everything around it and then we can
go into step by step how it actually uh
works and all the settings and stuff.
All right, so I'm going to execute
workflow, which starts the workflow from
the start.
It ran over here. We script the YouTube
channels. Now it's using Apify, which is
an external software to be able to
scrape. Scrape just means extract
comments from these videos.
It is going to take a while just because
it's 14 items, so it's 14 uh videos that
it has to scrape, right, for each each
time. As you can see right here, the
actor is running. So, the automation's
running. So, we have to wait it until we
get the actual uh result back from here.
Okay, then once it's done, which took
about a minute or two, uh it goes to the
wait because we're waiting until we get
the results back from Apify, and I'll
explain exactly what that means.
And then once we get the actual items
and the results, we only In this case,
we have 505 comments. These 505 comments
will go to the first agent. So, in this
case, it's an AI step. It's not really
an agent that checks whether it's
relevant. If it's relevant, it makes the
title for our video.
And then send it through here to be able
to then make the hook and the outline,
right? Uh in this case, we're only
passing 50 items at the time, which is
why we're using loop over items, which
means that out of 500 it doesn't send
all 500 at the same time. It sends 50,
right? And then we do 50 again and 50
again until it's done, right? Um to make
sure that we don't we don't time out, we
don't get we don't exceed exceed the
token limit, which is something that
happens with AI when you add way too
much text way too much information.
Okay, now that is done, it only passes
through the ones that are valid. In this
case, it's only seven. So, from those
seven, we generate the hook and the
outline to then send it to Notion, which
is where we add we store everything
right here. As you can see, the topics
are being added right now.
We have the content idea, we have the
hook, and we have the outline, right?
So, let's take an example. So, we have
how to automate meta ads inside and
manage unlimited videos. Then here,
I have the hook. So, based on this idea,
we have
I've helped over 40 businesses automate
their AI and workflows. Uh today, I'm
going to show you how to automate meta
ads inside and manage So, this is a very
simple hook. It follows a very specific
framework that I use, uh which is
credibility and then talking about what
we're doing. And then we also have the
outline right here, which is basically
giving you a structured outline for the
video that you can make uh from 1 to 8,
which is great because when we're
filming YouTube videos, it's Sometimes
it's hard uh to think through an outline
or you take some time to think through
how you can position the video, how you
can talk about from step by step um
instead of just going on the camera and
just just speaking out of nothing,
right? Um so, that's exactly what we're
doing the outline as well.
And now what it's doing is that it's
going back here.
It's then doing the whole process again
until all the 505 comments are being
passed through.
Okay, in this case, only 100 went
through.
And
as you can see, more and more being
added to Notion. More and more comments.
So, you just have a stream of video
ideas that you can use for your channel,
uh which is awesome, especially for I'm
in YouTube game, so I'm I always did
YouTube, and that's what I that's what I
do right now. Um so, this is awesome.
I'm using this myself to be able to
>> [music]
>> just figure out what people want, what
people don't want. I feel like you don't
really run out of ideas in the AI space,
but it's still good to know what people
want, what people are struggling with,
um the sort of problems that they want
solved, the sort of videos that you can
make based on feedback from other videos
other comments that they put on videos,
right? Which is such an underrated
strategy. So,
as you can see, now I have a list of
topics. And again, this is running until
it's finished until all the 500 items
are finished. So, I'm just going to skip
to the part where it's done.
So, because it will take about 5 to 10
minutes, I'm going to stop the
automation.
So, it'll take too long. Uh but as you
can see, now what it will do literally
was
based on this one channel, so only one
channel went through. It took all the
videos, it scraped all the comments from
those videos, it sent it through here to
check the relevance. If it was relevant
to us, what we want and what we do and
who we serve, then it made the hook and
the outline. Then it sent it to our
database, and then it goes back here
to get through all the comments. And
then once that comment is done, at least
all these comments are done, then it
goes back and does the second channel
and the third channel or how many
channels you put. So, it's a whole
repetitive loop that you don't have to
really do nothing apart from adding the
channels there. And you can run this
every month, and this just runs
automatically. Um and you just have the
content ideas that just have here with
the hook and with the outline. You can
then obviously review, approve, or or
reject, right? Whatever you want. Uh
okay, cool. So, I'm going to save this.
I'm going to refresh. Um
We can go through step by step how I
actually build this. This is I would say
one of the more complex automations, but
it actually is very simple once you
break it down step by step and go
through the logic of what you have to do
when you're building. So, again, the
first step would typically be
uh on on time trigger. Typically, every
single month because you're only
scraping 15 videos, and 15 videos is
typically what someone uploads every
month if they're on it, right? Um which
a lot of YouTubers are, which is great.
So, we get to pull comments from their
videos or even our videos, right? This
can work for our videos or their videos.
So, on time trigger would be the first
thing. So, we would have
with this ready
on a schedule. So, the schedule would be
once a month.
And then the the first step here is to
like the logic here is to have a list of
YouTube channels that you can then run
through each one and then go through go
through the whole flow, right? Um so,
this node right here is for us to
actually set the channels. So, when you
want to set the channels,
um you don't necessarily you don't have
the you don't have to put the link to
the channel. You add the channel ID,
right? Which is what we're adding here.
I'll explain exactly what this is, um
what an array is and all that sort of
stuff. But when you go to YouTube,
let's say I go to Alex Hormozi, right?
Alex Hormozi right here on the URL,
he has subscriptions and he has this
long code.
So, I can if I just pull everything in,
I'll go to Miro so I can show you
exactly where the ID comes from.
Okay, the ID
So, we have the fixed part, which is
where this one.
And then we have the ID, which is this.
So, we would need the ID for each
channel to be able to actually scrape
the channel, okay? So, when you go to
the YouTube um and you want to use a
channel for this, in this case, you
would just copy this. I mean, copy only
this part, right? Which is the ID of the
channel. And then you would add it here.
So, the channel ID. [snorts] Now, the
reason why we are And these are three
different channel IDs of different
competitors that I have in the space.
And the reason why [snorts] I have this
as an array is because
when you want to run
three different things at three
different times, you need it to be in an
array and then split it out.
Split it out just means that it takes an
array, which is a list of different
items inside like here, for example, let
me show you.
It will give you three different things.
So, schema, channel ID zero, channel ID
one, channel ID two. And then take each
one individually and start running the
automation. It will split it out, start
running the automation individually,
right? It will go through the first one,
then it will go back, second one, go
back, third one, right? Um so,
again, we have this, which is channel
IDs, which is I just added channel IDs
of my competitors that I can go through
every single time. If I wanted to add or
remove, I can just simply remove this or
add, right? In this case, if I wanted to
add Alex Hormozi, all I have to do is go
here, bracket, channel
ID,
and then with the small L.
And then you add the the code.
And now this is pretty much set. Now,
these right here are called key value
pairs. This is a key, and this is a
value.
Okay, the key is channel ID, which is
the same for each one. And the value is
what is the actual thing. Yeah, you need
a space. There you go. Okay, cool. So,
that's how you do it. Um and this is
JSON. So, the JSON has an array, and
that's sort of the the technical part to
this. But if you just had an array, you
have three different things, you can
then split it up. So, the next thing,
again, is splitting it out. So, we have
the array. The array itself, it doesn't
run through each one individually. It
doesn't run through them cuz the array
only has
one thing, which is channel IDs. In this
case, we want one, two, and three,
right? If I go here, execute step. Now,
we can see that we have three items. So,
on the table, you can see that we go
through the first one, then we go
through the second one, and then we go
through the third one. Okay, so now
we're able to actually run the
automation one, first, second, and then
third, okay? So, what are we doing here?
The settings here are basically channel
ID because that's the variable that
we're using. In this case, channel ID,
which is the one here. Channel ID,
channel ID. It's all the same, right?
Which is why we're able to split it out.
Include no other fields. We just want
this, which is where we take these and
then take one individually, run it,
second individually, run it, and third
individually, run it. Okay, so that's
what we do. Now, the reason why we're
using this loop items is because
um n8n natively runs three of them at
the same time, right? Not obviously in
three different things, but it runs
three of them at the same time. We don't
want that. We we want to run each one
individually. So, to be able to only run
one at a time,
we have to use loop over items so that
we can run this. And then at the end,
when it does everything, it goes back.
So, that's what this is. It goes back to
here and it runs the second one. So,
when we add batch size, which means how
many items do you want to let through?
In this case, it would just be one. We
have three, you can see here, three
items, but we just want one, which is
why we put one here.
Uh once we do this, we can then
add a field. So, this In this case, we
just have the channel ID. This is not
necessary, but I just wanted to extract
the channel ID so I can so I can have
it. Um let me execute the node right
here. And now I can just drag this
across and put it here. So, I have the
channel ID to then feed in to the next
step, which is where we actually scrape
the videos.
Um but this is something that's not
necessary. You can just simply add this
to the next step. I just wanted to have
something that's more clean. So, channel
ID right here, which is just mapping
field.
And now we go to the list of top 15
videos that we have to scrape. Now, in
order for us to scrape something, we
typically we use Apify. So, let me go
here, Apify, which is basically a
platform where people make their own
scrapers. So, they code scrapers. They
do the hard part, we do the easy part,
which is just using it, right? And the
good thing about Apify is that we um
it's actually free. So, not necessarily
free because we still have to pay, but
if I go here to the one that I actually
used before, and I'll explain exactly
what this is,
we can see that for this scraper to
scrape a thousand results, which in this
case is a thousand comments, we have to
pay 40 cents.
Okay? And we're basically scraping about
20 comments 20 30 comments per video. Um
so, we're paying nothing really. And we
have $5 for free
from Apify.
So, if you do the math there, you're
basically paying nothing. So, that's why
we use Apify here. But
for the YouTube videos, we also can use
something called an RSS feed. Now, the
RSS feed is basically a way for you to
tell the web, like, "Hey,
using this URL, go out and scrape go out
and find um the YouTube videos that we
can use." Now, in order for us to set up
the RSS feed, we can go here,
RSS feed,
and then we go to this page right here.
And then we have to add our URL. So, the
URL is something that is fixed. The only
thing that changes is the channel ID.
So, we go through here. Within channel
ID one, we scrape all the videos.
Channel ID two, scrape all the videos.
Channel ID three, until we finish all
the videos, right? Now, how do we know
this URL? How does this happen? Well, if
I just go to Google and search up um RSS
feed YouTube channels, I can see that if
I I usually go to Reddit or you can see
here as well that you can use this. So,
https www.youtube.com. So, this is just
a format
for the YouTube videos. If I go here, I
can see that this follows a very
specific format. It follows the https
www.youtube.com feeds subscriptions and
then the code, right? In this case, it
would be this. Uh it wouldn't be
subscriptions. Yeah, it would be feed.
So, you go here, you copy this. You
would paste it here.
Right? And then the only thing you have
to change is this part right here.
Channel ID here.
Which is where we pull in the variable
from the previous step to here.
That's exactly what I did. So, in this
case, if we execute the step, we can see
that now
we
Uh I think this is next arrived. Yeah,
next arrived. We um we scraped the
videos from next arrived and we have 15
of them. So, 15 items means that we have
15 videos. And this only scripts the top
15 videos. If you want to script more,
you could use Apify um to scrape a list
of 100, but I feel like for the most
recent ones are good because they are
the most recent ones, so they're on top
of they're on top of like the the most
recent one, which is great to scrape. Uh
which is exactly what we want. So, here
you can see the 15 videos, right? Why
automation beginners should start this
platform and all this sort of stuff. So,
that's what we want to see and that's
what this does essentially. And if you
change the channel ID, you change the
videos that you're scraping.
So, it's very very easy. And you can see
we just ask Google and they give us the
URL. Okay? If I go here, then what we
want to do is this is comes from
testing. A lot of the videos that people
post, not a lot of them, but some of
them are shorts. They're not long form
videos. So, we want to be able to filter
based on whether it's a long form video
or short form video. So, if I go here, I
can see that the link, so the link right
here, yeah, the link right here.
If it's a short, it will say it's a
short. It will add the word the name of
shorts here. Okay? And that's what tell
us that it is a short. Now, you can't
see here because this is a long form
video, but if it was a short,
I think it would say https
www.youtube.com watch I think shorts
something. Uh and that tell us that it
is a short. Okay? You can't see here
just because this is a long form video,
but bear in mind that we're just saying,
"Hey, don't let any shorts through. I
just want long form videos because
they're more validated like that's what
they're actually posting." And usually
shorts are just a way for people to
repurpose their long form videos and
then bring them to
uh which is exactly what we do, right?
So, okay. So, JSON link, we're saying,
"Hey, let me drag this across. If the
JSON link does not contain shorts, then
send it through." Okay, so there are
cases. Let me go here.
So, see how 14 items went through? It's
because Let me go here and show you. I
think there there has to be a short here
because only 14 went through. There we
go.
So, you see how on this URL why uh why
saturation doesn't matter? This is a
short. And if I go here,
I can see
>> Just cuz something. This is a short from
next arrived.
Right? And this
comparison is a long form video.
So, we basically don't want any shorts.
We want the long form videos. So, and
the only thing difference between each
one is that the short contains shorts
here.
All right. So, the filter's done. And
then we go through the Apify. So, third
step is scrape 100 comments from the
videos. So, if you go to Apify
and you go to actors. So, again, Apify
is a way for us to be able to scrape
Scrape just means extract different
information from the web um for the
YouTube videos that we're that we're
talking about. We want to scrape the
comments. So, typically what I would do
is you would go to actors or Apify
store, sorry. And you can search for
actors. Actors, again, are just
different pieces of code, different
different scrapers that you can use to
scrape whatever you want. So, if I added
YouTube comments
scraper,
what I would do first is I would look at
payment method because I typically want
the pay on results or pay per output,
right? Like 40 cents per 1,000 comments
because then I don't have to pay. Some
of them make you have to get a
subscription for Apify, which is the
ones that we don't want. But let's say I
go here.
This is two uh $2.40 for 1,000 comments.
This is Yeah, this right here is $20 per
month plus usage. So, we would typically
have to pay for the scraper, so we don't
want this.
Uh 50 cents per 1,000 scrapers, that's
fine.
And then 25 a month, so we definitely
don't want this. I found a scraper. What
was this?
YouTube comment scraper. So, grow social
grow social media YouTube comment
scraper. So, if I go here, I'm searching
it up.
Yeah, there we go.
I found one that's 40 cents per 1,000
results. Okay? So, this is right You
just have to copy this. You can copy
grow media YouTube comment scraper and
you'll find this. This is the cheapest
that I found
and gives you the best results, right?
And the thing that we can add to this uh
that we can actually the the fields,
right, itself are the YouTube video URL
and the maximum comments. So, what's the
video and how many comments you want to
scrape? So, if I go to Apify, if I go
here, back to NNN, I can add a run an
actor. So, run an actor just means we're
giving you the the actual video. Go out
and scrape, right? So, we scrape it.
And then, so let's say I go to execute
step.
What this will do is it will take the
URL from here. It will give it
the JSON link and it'll tell you, "Hey,
maximum comments is 100."
So, if I go here to runs,
now you can see that it's running. And
we got 45 comments so far.
And these are all the comments, right?
We can have a lot of comments from these
videos, which is exactly what we want
when we are scraping videos. And that's
exactly what we have with Apify. Now, to
connect your Apify account, you just
have to go here, create a new
credential, and then you need an API
key. The API key you can find, I believe
it's settings, API integrations and then
you can have Yeah, this right here.
Default API token, yeah. You can copy
this and then you can paste it to right
here and you can save it and you have
the connection. And then you have to
choose the actor. By the way, you have
to save the actor first. So, if I go to
actors,
uh YouTube comment scraper, you have to
save it. So, save here or start it at
least and make a test run to be able to
see it here.
That's one of the the things that I
struggled with at the start. You want to
run an actor, that's the action.
Recently used actors, that's fine.
Actors here. And then the input JSON is
what we get from here.
Which is basically saying, "Hey, what's
that thing that's going into the actor?"
So, we put this and now we're waiting
for the feedback or for the actual
output. So, if I go here to runs,
I can see that this is still running. Um
I believe we got it back.
Or I think Okay, I think it's going
through all the 14 items. Okay, I know
why.
Let me just stop this.
This will still keep on running. The
reason why it kept on running is because
we go through the 14 items and it's
going through all the 14 videos, which
is why it's it takes quite a bit. Uh it
takes like two one to two minutes or two
to three minutes based on um yeah, the
type of video it is. Um okay. So, once
we have that,
we can add a wait because of the fact
that here the output, yeah, it isn't the
actual comments. We get a database uh
data set ID. So, if I go here to save
executions, I can see the previous one
that I had. Okay, I went to one that I
would that I did yesterday. If I go
here, copy to editor, I can see that
this one it ran, it gave it to Apify.
And as you can see here, we don't get
the actual comments. So, we don't get
the comments anywhere here. There's a
bunch of stuff. What we need is this.
What we need is default data set ID. So,
default data set ID is a thing that we
then feed into the next node, which is
get data set items.
Which needs the default data set ID. So,
what we do here is we go to
the run an actor. We then look for
default data set ID, which is something
you have to do every single time with
Apify. It's just the way it works.
So, we drag it across and this is a
thing that is now going to use
to be able to get the results. And now
this is giving us the comment ID,
comment text, like count, replies, all
that sort of stuff, right? That we want.
Once we get the actual results, the way
we want to do now is because of the fact
that we get, let's say, 500 comments
like you saw before here, which is the
output of the actual get data set items.
We don't want to run through 500 items
all at once. We want to be able to batch
them. So, basically saying, just like
before, we don't want to run through all
the channels at once. We want to say,
"Hey, we have 500 comments, but I'm only
letting 50 through." And this is where
the relevance and title come in. Because
now we're using a loop item again, which
is where we're saying, "Hey,
I know we're getting all these comments,
but I only want to let 50 through." And
then you can run it back and get the
others that are left. And then do it all
and over and over again until the
comments are finished. So, loop items,
once this is done is we add it to an
agent. I mean, in this case it's not an
agent, it's an AI step.
To connect your OpenAI to NNN, you have
to create a new credential. API key, you
can find it at platform. the openai.com
under dashboard. API keys. Create a new
secret key, create it, and then you can
paste it right here. You can save it.
Now, once this is done, this will be
text message a model. Uh the model will
be 4.1 mini uh because I usually use a
mini because it doesn't it can take more
information, right?
And because right now we're giving it 50
comments
at once all at once in the AI, it will
take a while to process. Uh and the
prompt that we give it is first
assistant prompt, which is a prompt that
we give that we give the AI when we want
to say, "Hey, you are a helpful
intelligent whatever it is." In this
case is you are helpful intelligent
content writing assistant. So, we give
it an identity, so the AI thinks it is
that thing and it will the output will
be higher, the quality. And then the
user prompt will be "Below is a YouTube
comment for one of the videos. Your task
is to determine if the comment is
relevant and if it includes any
questions, inquiries, or suggestions
that we can use W
as an idea [snorts] for future video. We
Turn your output as JSON."
And then we can um add a few examples.
So, in this case, you would have a
system, a user prompt, and then to give
it a few examples, you give it a user
and assistant. Okay? So, what this means
is that we give it, "Hey, if I give you
this comment,
this will be the output. Okay, so the
user is me giving it something. The
assistant is what's the output that you
want you want to have and I'm giving it
two examples in this case.
Or three. Yeah, three examples. So the
first example would be
Um, is there any reason to use an AI
agent node instead of basic LLM chain,
which is an actual comment that someone
put in a video.
And here will be relevant. So content
ideas AI agent versus basic LLM node,
when should you use each one? That could
be a solid content idea. Or
something else.
This is a video from Nate uh Nate
O'Brien um someone said a small request,
can you please make a video on client
onboarding? So these sort of things is
exactly what we want to see. Right? So
someone's asking for a client onboarding
for N&N projects. The content idea in
this case would be how to onboard your
clients for an N&N projects and this is
relevant. But if someone puts thank you
cuz they put thank you and you're great
and all that sort of stuff,
we don't want to put it as a as a
relevant idea because there's no idea
here. Okay, so that's what we're doing.
We are giving it a system prompt to say
you are a helpful intelligent whatever
it is. Then here we're saying hey, this
is what you have to do and then we want
to be able to add the comment first,
what's the output that I that I want?
Comment output comment output. So it has
three different examples, one that's
relevant a one that two that are
relevant and one that's irrelevant. So
it knows exactly sort of what what to go
and then this is the comment. So the
last
prompt which is the user prompt which
you can add message here. Uh it will be
the alpha comment. Yeah, so we're using
JSON here because of the fact that we
want the verdict and we want the
uh content idea as separate variables
that we can then feed in to
the filter and the other steps. Okay, so
in this case 502 went through.
In the filter, only 199 went through
based on the 502 based on the response
from the actual uh AI and the filter in
this case it's if the verdict is
relevant. If the variable verdict is
relevant. Let me add a
uh in this case it would be
verdict
relevant
and then content
idea
how to make a N&N agent from scratch.
I'm going to pin this and then
this is basically what it's going to
see. It's going to see verdict which is
the one that I put here.
And then it's going to see the content
idea. But in this case we're saying only
if this is relevant, then send it
through. Okay? So once this is done, we
can now
add some fields. So these are the fields
that will be added to the hook and
outline. We can this is again is an
optional step but I do want it to add
fields cuz I like adding fields to be
able to separate information cuz again
we what we did is we scraped 100
comments, we sent it to the AI and we
said hey, only run 50 at once. The AI
checks whether it's relevant or not. If
it's relevant, it will send it through
to the hook and outline because it's a
relevant comment, it's a relevant idea.
We could use it. Now we want to generate
the hook and outline which we did before
here here, hook and outline.
Which is why we're using this AI step
but in order to generate the hook and
the outline, it needs to sort of
understand what we do. So what I added
here is two variables which is social
proof which is basically some results
that I have
and what I do
and some tone of voice of direction.
This is the tone of voice and direction.
And this is what I feed into my next AI
step which is an AI step that generates
the hook and the outline like I
mentioned before. And this the settings
will be the same. The system prompt will
be you are a helpful intelligent content
writing assistant. We can also write
intelligent hook and
outline
YouTube hook
and outline writing assistant. That's
more contextual to what we're doing. And
then we're saying your task is to
generate high quality engaging hooks and
outlines for content ideas. You receive
a content idea in JSON and you'll return
it in the following format hook string
outline string and then these are the
different things that we give it.
So you can see this is the projected
output that we get. And now we give it a
few examples I believe. Yeah, we give it
a few examples. So in this case the
content idea will be build a rag agent
inside of N&N and the assistant will be
this. Right now we're giving it the
content idea. And because we give it to
we told it to give it to us in JSON
which is
just a programming language.
It will give us
the JSON language into two different
variables. So it will be hook and it
will be outline. And the string is just
something we we say when we want it to
say it's just text. Right? So we say
give me the hook in text, give me the
outline in text.
Given an example and now you can see red
because it's not this is not correct or
like this
What is it? This? Yeah, this is not
correct. But
this will pass through the content idea
again which is something like this,
content idea build a rag agent inside of
N&N. And now this will give us the hook
and the outline which we can then send
to another set variables which takes all
the variables and puts them onto one
place. Again, not needed but I love to
split information so we're more we're
more structured with the way that we do
things. And now once this is done once
we once we set the variables, we can
send it to notion um the YouTube comment
database where we have everything here.
We want to see all the [snorts] comment
ideas. All you have to do to connect
notion is go to here, create a new
credential and then you can get an
internal integration secret.
You should follow this guide. It will
take you through everything that you
need to do. It's a bit more of a longer
process.
Um you can use Google Sheets as much as
you can use notion. I'm just a notion
fanboy so I love to use notion. And in
this case it will be in database page
because this is a database. Right? This
right here is a page. From the list in
this case the database is called the
YouTube comment script database. So we
can do YouTube comment script database.
The title will be what's that first
thing which is this content idea. So it
will be the content idea. The hook will
be this. The outline will be this.
Initial comment will be this. Because I
want to see also what the initial
comment was to make sure that I know
exactly if the AI has messed up or not.
Right? So we get the hook, the outline
and the initial comment. If I go here as
well, I can see the initial comment.
For example, what's the average time
most of students take to get their first
client?
So how long does it take to you take to
get your first client and what are the
short investment or need to be on the
and what investments do you need? So you
can make a video about how to get your
first client automation journey with
zero dollars up front. Right? And that
will solve this sort of pain point that
this person has.
Um so that's something you could do.
So we get the comments. We get the hook
and we get the outline. We put it all
into and the title. We get it we put it
all into notion. And now once this is
done, it will then loop back so we go
here, loop it back
to here to get the other comments that
are valid.
And it will do it all and over and over
again until it's finished and then we
wait and then we send it all the way
back here
where we can do the other channels. So
we'll go through the three different
channels. And let's say you have 10
channels, it will go through the 10
channels. Right? And it will just run it
every single month. Uh now typically
[snorts]
I would suggest that you run this every
month or every week. It depends on the
amount of channels that you have to be
honest.
Um but because we're scraping 15 YouTube
videos, we also don't want duplicate
comments. Right? Um
and we don't want to give it the same
content ideas. So think of a YouTuber a
normal YouTuber, they typically post
like what? Once every three days
uh and in a month um that's about 10.
Yeah, 10 videos.
So if [snorts] you put that in mind you
can run this every month in five days.
And it will be free. Right? I'm I mean
you would only have to pay for N&N from
the start until the end which is which
is a very good pricing model that they
have. So that right there is for the
way that it's set up. Or we obviously
have the different steps and make it as
structured as possible. And when you
look at cost and how much it actually
takes to run this, Apify as I mentioned
right here. So let's say we have 29
results
and 1,000 results is 40 40 cents. So do
the math there, it's 0.000. It's not
even a noticeable amount of money that I
have to even mention. Right? So
it's not really expensive or at all,
it's free because we all we get the $5
free from Apify that you can use to be
able to run this. And the other expenses
really are the AI
which because we're using 4.1 mini, it's
relatively cheap. So there's nothing
really to worry about. I think it will
be a few cents or 0.01
um whatever
um because it's very very cheap like I
mentioned and N&N. So N&N charges you
per execution.
Which means from the start until the
end.
So if you're doing it maybe 10 20 times,
again, this is very very cheap because
you're running it every month and so on.
Right? So this is very very cost
effective when it comes to an actual
system. And that's exactly what we have
this for. Now who can you actually sell
this to? Well, YouTubers content
creation agencies, they always need to
done for you especially done for you
YouTube content agencies, they need to
always come up with new ideas for their
clients. So if they have a system that
scripts through all the different
comments for their clients and sees it's
actually validated data, it's not just
stuff that they make up because that's
what people are actually asking for.
Right? So if they have a system like
that, it saves them a bunch of time in
the actual strategy and titles and hooks
and outline all that sort of stuff that
they can that they have to allocate
right now. So you can save them that
time of actually doing the actual work.
That right there marks the end of the
video where I showed you exactly how I
built an AI system that scripts YouTube
comments from any videos and turns them
into fresh high converting ideas. And by
the way, if you're looking for all the
blueprints and resources that I'm
talking about in the video, check the
second link down below. You can go to
the classroom section. You can go to the
templates vault and you'll be able to
see the N&N course right here and all
the different resources that you can
simply download the automation blueprint
for and import it into your own account.
And if you have no clue how to do that,
no worries at all. You can always go to
the welcome here and you have the
tutorial which walks you through exactly
how to do it.
In this video, I'm going to show you
exactly how we automated 95% of our
onboarding processes using Notion and
N&N. All right, so this right here is
exactly what we're building.
Essentially, it's an onboarding system.
Now the onboarding system starts with
this step right here which is filling
out an onboarding form. Now the
onboarding form is filled out whenever
we close the client. So we're on a call,
we close the client, after the call we
fill out the onboarding form as soon as
possible which kicks off the actual
automation until the end. Now the
onboarding form contains the name of the
client, the website and small details or
general details about the client. Then
we're adding it to the Notion client HQ,
the headquarters, which is exactly how
we manage all our clients internally all
in one place. Uh tasks, team, meetings,
all that sort of stuff. So, we add the
details of the new client which we just
closed to our client HQ, uh which
auto-populates the client portal. And
that's I put it here just because it's
not a an automation, it's a Notion-based
automation. So, we have it here. Then we
automatically add four onboarding tasks.
We make the drive folder, which is the
drive folder that we're going to use to
store different assets for that client
specifically. We create a Slack channel
internally, which we'll then manually
share access to with the client. And
then we send an onboarding email to the
client, which is saying, "Hey, welcome
to the team. Super excited to have you
going. Here's the drive link that we
actually created for you. Uh we also
sent the Slack access. We're going to
send you the Slack access in just a
bit." And yeah, that's pretty much it.
All right, so let's go to n8n, which is
a platform where we're actually building
automations, which is an automation
platform. Essentially, it's taking a
task, breaking it down, automating it
step by step so we don't have to do it.
The automation does it itself. So, we
all start with the the onboarding form
right here, which is this one right
here,
right, where we have full name, email,
company name, and website.
Then we have the client folder. We share
the file because we want it to be
accessible to everyone. We add the
company to our database. We add the
contact related to the company cuz every
company has a contact, which in this
case is the CEO or whoever it is. Then
we set the onboarding tasks. In this
case, there are four. Uh the first one
is audit, which is the first step of our
delivery process. Then we have setting
up this access, which means softwares.
Then there is start implementation,
which is essentially starting the
structure for the system we're going to
build for the client. And then
automation structure, which is layering
automations in the bigger system as
well. Uh then we obviously this is just
some formatting for the drive link. Then
we create a Slack channel for the
client. Slack is just the way that
agencies talk to clients. Uh you can use
WhatsApp, whatever it is, Telegram. Uh
probably not Telegram. I don't think
that's for agencies. Uh but uh but yeah,
we use Slack. And then send email uh
onboarding email to the client with some
different variables. And by the way,
this is templated. So, if I go here,
don't get overwhelmed by all of this. Uh
but it's saying, "So pumped to
officially kick things off with you. I
know investing in a service like this is
a big decision, and our job here is to
make sure it feels like the best
decision you made all year. Uh below is
your personal onboarding folder with
everything you need to get started." The
link right here. We also made a Slack
channel. Uh we're thrilled to have you
join the JMT and can't wait to get
started. Cheers, Mikayla. Now, this
right here is something that a lot of
agencies don't have, which is touching
on the psychological angle of onboarding
uh because not everything's technical.
Not everything is folders, drives, all
that sort of stuff. It is still an
investment that a company is making, so
you want to make sure that they don't
have buyer's remorse. They don't feel
like they have not made the right
decision. Um so,
let's actually try this out. Let's see
how it works. So, all I have to do now
is press execute workflow, which will
essentially run the automation once. We
have to fill full name, email, company
name, and website. So, let's do it and
then press submit.
If you go back to our n8n automation, it
shows that it's running.
All these green steps just says it's
successful. It's making the different
tasks, which all have due dates as well.
Um one is I think one day, then two
days, then three days, and four days
when the automation is running. It's
finishing up the task,
Slack channel, and then getting the
email. So, now if you go to our Notion
HQ,
where we manage everything from clients,
contacts, tasks, meetings, and
analytics. If I go to clients right
here, we can see that we have One Media
here added to the Kanban board, which is
where we manage all our clients, all our
delivery uh statuses. And if I go to One
Media, I can see that the client portal
was automatically generated. If I go to
the client portal, which is essentially
a place where we manage everything for
our clients because this saves the time
of us having to email the clients for
different stuff, having to find
information. We want to keep everything
in one place for every single client,
which is exactly what this is doing. In
this case, if this is set to complete,
this automatically sends an email to the
client saying, "Hey, the name of the of
the actual task," which in this case the
audit, right, "the audit is finished.
The next step is software access. The
next step is database building and so
on." So, it goes step by step, so it's
all automatic as well, the updates to
the clients. So, you don't have to
manually do it. Uh we can keep software
access here. We can then have databases.
So, in this case, it will be resource
area. We can add any folders and so on.
And then the Miro would be the Miro for
the audit because our first step of the
delivery process is actually auditing
what they have and mapping everything
out step by step with the whole team.
So, we put this whole stuff here. They
have access to this. If I go back to the
client, if I go to tasks, I can see that
these four tasks were auto-populated for
this specific client with due dates that
are two days, three days, four days in
advance depending on what you want. Uh
but this is what we like to have. You
can see the task progress, which is So,
if I say I put complete, it shows 25%
task progress. And if you have a bunch
of clients here, you can see all the
tasks you've done, the percentages, and
so on. Uh so, we have everything in
Notion right here, which is
auto-populated again. And also one more
thing, the tasks are stored in Notion as
well. So, you don't need another project
management tool. You don't need to store
clients in other places, right?
Everything is in one place for Notion.
So, tasks are here, companies are here.
If I go here, I can see that the website
is stored here. The address, the email
can be stored separately. If I go to
contacts, I can see that one contact was
here, which is the uh person from the
email. You can connect with her too with
the with my email as well. We can also
add more fields like phone number, type,
right? Uh role title, time zone, and so
on. But just for this case, to make it
simple, we just want to leave it like
this. And then if I go back to the email
right here, I can see that I got an
email from JMT Solutions saying, "Hey
Mikayla, so pumped to officially kick
things off with you. I know investing in
a service like this is a big decision,
so our job here is to make sure blah
blah blah." And then we have the
onboarding drive folders. If I press
here, this will take me to the drive
folder, which is named with my company
name, so One Media onboarding folder in
this case. And this is where we can
store any creatives or anything that
they have, brand assets, and so on.
Whatever it is that they have, um they
can store here in the drive folder. And
the client itself just gets a nice email
sent to them uh automatically without
the team having to do it themselves. And
if I go to Slack, we can see that we
have the One Media channel right here,
which is a channel exactly for that
client specifically where we can store
anything. We can communicate with the
client uh cuz for any agency service
that you have, it's a good way to
communicate with the client itself, not
being on email uh cuz when you want to
do quick things, it's good to be on
something like this, WhatsApp, whatever
you have, works. So, this is
automatically generated as well. And
that's the full onboarding process right
there. So, again, we all started with a
form. We then put it to Notion where we
have a place where we can store
everything. We generated the client
portal, which is something else that a
lot of agencies don't have because they
scatter in different tools to find
client information. In this case, I
said, "Look, let's put everything in one
place in one portal where we can manage
everything for that client," which is so
so good, especially cuz it sets the
expectations. But it also increases the
way that the client views you because
you're more professional. You have your
together, basically, uh all in one
place. You then we have the onboarding
tasks as well so the team knows exactly
what to do. They're alerted as well, uh
so they can get started on the project.
The drive folder is automatically
generated. The Slack channel's done uh
so that everybody knows exactly that we
have a new client rolling. And then the
onboarding email sent to the client.
Now, something like this, depending on
the agency really, uh it would take
around well, anywhere from an hour to
days. I've worked with agencies which
take days to do this, uh which is which
is utterly insane uh when we have this
automation right here that does it in
seconds all by filling out a form. So,
this is such a powerful automation. It's
high leverage. For the time that you put
in, the output is so so good and it's so
so powerful, which is exactly why we
recommend it to all these agencies. And
this was all done using Notion right
here and then using n8n right here.
Hey, about to build a live LinkedIn
outreach system right in front of you.
We start by filling out a form with the
details of who we are targeting. From
there, it actually scrapes thousands of
leads from Apollo, pulls in their
LinkedIn URLs, and automatically drafts
hyper-personalized connection messages
that we can plug straight into our
outbound campaigns. Okay, so as always,
I want to run it from the start until
the end, and then we're going to go to
actually building it step by step. So,
let me execute the workflow.
This will then bring me to the form
right here. So, let me say I am
targeting real estate agencies in the
US.
I'm going to press submit. What this
will do is it will send it to the first
AI to generate a URL, which will then
add or send to the scraper to then
scrape the leads. Um and by leads, we
mean
LinkedIn URLs. So, you can see this is
running right here cuz we're using
Apify. As you can see here, we're
starting to get results.
Let me get the first name, last name,
LinkedIn URLs, and the ID as well. Then
we send it to the next node in order to
extract the details. Then we only send
20 um details of people or we just send
20 people through the first loop. And
then we draft a hyper-personalized
connection message for that specific
person based on their bio, based on who
they are, and so on.
Before adding it to our Google Sheet
database, which is where we store
everything right here. [music]
So, you can see we have the different
first name, last name, the name as well,
the LinkedIn URL, the title,
the email status, the photo URL, and
also the icebreaker that we can um
generate based on their profile. And if
I go here, I can see that we're still
running the system because we let 97
items through, and then we're sending 20
and 20 and 20 until it's actually
finished. If I go here, I can see that
we have more and more leads that are
being added.
So, I'm going to stop the workflow right
here cuz you got to see exactly what it
is. By the way, these are just
icebreakers, so connection messages that
you send [music] to the lead when you
want to connect with them, uh which
increases drastically increases the
likelihood of them connecting back and
you being able to have a conversation
with that person and it being actually
personalized. So,
let's start from scratch. Let me make a
new workflow right here.
Personal, there we go.
Let me start from zero. But as always,
as you guys know, we're going to be
mapping things out step by step into our
Miro. So, let's dive in. All right, so
here we can start mapping things out.
Again, an automation has an input.
Let me make this smaller. We can zoom
in.
And the output,
right? And in this case, the input
because we want to basically uh we want
the thing to be dynamic, so it changes
every single time. But the input in this
case is who we are targeting. So, target
audience.
And then we start thinking about how can
we actually give it the input? Well, as
you saw, we used n8n forms, but you
could also use a Telegram message or
Gmail coming through or something else.
So, in this case, it can be target
audience
from
n8n form.
Okay?
Let me make this smaller.
Uh let's put this like this. Cool.
Then the next step is actually scraping
the leads
using Apify, which is a software that
allows us to strip leads and I'll show
you exactly what I mean.
And then we're going to be able to
generate
personalized
connection message
to that person.
And then we want to be able to
send it, so add details to Google Sheet
database.
Perfect.
>> [snorts]
>> All right, so we have target audience
from n8n form, then we have scraping the
leads using Apify, then we have generate
personalized connection message
um using the the details of course, and
then we want to add everything to our
Google Sheet database, which is the one
right here.
So,
what I'd like to do when I make
automations is I actually like to go
step by step and show you exactly my
thought process, how I think through
building automations um just so you can
see everything, you can see the whole
scope. So,
the first step here is target audience.
So, we need a way for us to be able to
give the input. So, as you saw before, I
used an n8n form. So, this is where we
go to n8n and we start actually building
the automation. So, I'm going to add the
first step, which is in this case called
a trigger. A trigger is the thing that
starts the automation, and we can go to
on form submission.
Right here. And this is where you
basically make a form. Now, the form can
Well, in this case it can compile of the
I guess describe your target audience or
describe your audience that you want to
target. So, we can name this
LinkedIn
lead outreach
trigger.
Description can be insert
an audience
for your LinkedIn outreach
campaigns here.
And then the form elements, which is in
this case the What are we actually
asking the user to input to then start
the automation,
we can add a field name called describe
your audience
in plain English.
And we want to leave this as text.
Yeah, text text area. I actually don't
know the difference between text and
text area. I believe that this is
uh wider text, so it can be uh long form
rather than
short text. Uh so, let's leave this as
it is. So, we can leave this as is, and
the placeholder can be company name,
company types, sorry.
Location, etc. So, this is the thing
that they see before actually writing,
which gives them some ideas as to what
input they can give. And let's make this
required. So, now if I go to execute
step, which means that I'm just testing
the automation,
it brings me to this page where I can
see the title, the description,
the um the first question, and then we
can see that we have an area for us to
actually make the text.
Which we can Oh, that's why. That's
cool. Um so, let's do again like we did
before, real estate
agencies in the US. I'm going to press
submit.
As you can see, this is a test version
of your form.
And here we can see that we got the
results, which is this right here.
If you go to schema, we can see that we
have it in this way, which is exactly
what we need in order to go to the next
step. All right, so once this is done,
uh this is good. Let me go here and make
this green.
Again, cuz it's all step by step. We
want to be scraping the leads. So, based
on the input, based on uh What is it
right here? Real estate agencies in US,
we want to be able to then send it to
Apify,
which is apify.com, which is the one
right here. And I like to think of Apify
as the Amazon for scrapers. So, you go
here, you basically choose your product.
In this case, it's a scraper. And for
those of you who don't know what a
scraper is, it's basically saying Let's
do Let's say we do um Google Maps
Scraper.
This basically extracts. So, you go to
Google Maps, it extracts the text, it
extracts the location of businesses,
reviews, all the stuff that we want from
that specific software, and then we can
use it for whatever we want. And for us,
for this automation, we want to be using
Apollo. So, Apollo is another software
that allows us to be able to scrape
LinkedIn profiles based on a specific
criteria. So, it can be um real estate
agencies in the US, which is the one
that we have right here. All right, we
want to put this in,
and the output we want a list of leads.
So, for us to be able to do that, we
have to make an account, and then you'll
be able to come to this page right here.
You have the Apify store. By the way, if
you're asking yourself, "Is this paid or
is this free?" Well, um the scraper that
we're going to be using today is
free depending on how much you use it.
So, the way that Apify works is that
they give you $5 for free every single
month.
And the scraper that we're going to use
is about $1 for 1,000 leads. Okay, so if
you use uh $5, that means you will have
5,000 leads for free every single month.
But anything that you use above $5,
that's something that you're going to
have to pay.
Um okay, so
once you come to the Apify store, again
like an Amazon store, we just look for a
product, and the product is Apollo
Scraper.
And then we have different options. So,
how do you know which one to choose?
Well, the first thing I do is actually
look at how many people used it and the
price. This right here is good. I know
Curious Coder is a guy who makes a lot
of co Yeah, as you can see, he's already
here as well. But the one that I used is
actually this.
I used it because of price, uh but also
because the amount of people that
actually used it. And the way that this
works is you pay this per event. So, you
pay per event. What this means is that
you pay per usage.
And the price is right here. So, $1 for
1,000 leads. And you can do up to 50,000
leads, which is exactly what we like. Um
and this page right here, it might look
intimidating, is actually quite easy to
understand. The only thing you have to
understand here is like what's the
input? What is the thing that I'm giving
the scraper in order for us to get the
data back? Well, in this case, the input
is the Apollo URL. Now, the Apollo URL
is a URL, so let me show you here. Let
me copy this and paste it. It's a URL
that allows us to basically say, "Hey,
we want this type of person." Look,
person title, uh contact email, exclude,
catch all. All this stuff is a criteria
for the person that we want to extract,
and this will now make a list of leads
that we can use for whatever we want.
So, so the input here is the Apollo URL.
That's the only thing that we have to
get in order to give the scraper the
thing that it needs to use to then give
us the leads. Well, in this case, one
thing we didn't add here is the AI that
we used to make the URL, because URL
changes based on who we're targeting.
So, in this case, it can be AI to make
Apollo
URL.
That way, when we put the target
audience, we give it to AI, AI knows the
framework of that URL and how it usually
works. Um and I'll show you exactly what
I mean here, cuz it is a very specific
thing.
And then we have that URL, which we can
then feed into the scraper on Apify to
then give us the leads back, give it to
AI to make the personalized connection
message, and then we can add all the
details to the Google Sheet. All right,
uh let me go back here, and now we can
use the next node, which is an AI. So,
we can go AI. We're not using an AI
agent because we just want the AI step.
Let's use OpenAI. That's fine.
And we're going to use message a model.
And in order for us to be able to
connect our OpenAI to uh n8n, we have to
go to platform.openai.com.
Make an account, go to dashboard,
go to API keys. On the top right, create
a new secret key. You can go here and
name it whatever you want, so n8n test.
You will then have this key right here,
which you can copy and paste it back
here.
API key. And don't worry about any of
this, okay? The only thing you have to
worry about is the API key.
All right, once you connected your API
key, let me take this off. Um we can do
text message a model. The model that we
want to use is uh let's say GPT-5.
GPT-5. Let's see if we have that.
Cuz it is something that we
don't want any errors on.
Um
let's see if we have GPT-5 here.
Yeah, let's do chat latest, the latest
GPT-5 model. And
for the prompt, I'm going to give it a
system prompt, which is basically
saying, "Hey, you are a identity. You
are a helpful, intelligent, whatever it
is." And then a user prompt. So,
system,
and I'm going to say, "You're a helpful,
intelligent
sales
assistant." And for the user prompt, I'm
going to paste the prompt that I had
before, so you guys can see it. Uh but
again, you can grab the whole template
at the end. I'll show you exactly how to
do it. As you can see here, it says,
"Your task is to take as input a natural
language description of a prospect
audience and turn that into an Apollo
search URL." Now, here's an example of
an Apollo search URL, so I give it a few
examples. Not Not few, just an example
right here. You can see it has United
States. And this is in a very, very
specific order, which Apollo likes when
we want to be able to scrape leads. Uh
the URL describes a search for people
that are located in the US, hold the
title owner, CEO, founder, and partner,
have a keyword associated with creative
agency. And these are the fields that
you can change: organization location,
keywords, person titles, and
organization number of employee ranges.
Do not add a change any fields. Use the
above template. Return your response in
JSON using this format: search URL,
search URL it goes here.
Okay? So, that way, we basically say,
"Hey,
this is what the structure is like.
These are the things that you can
change." And as the last input, we're
going to give it another user prompt,
which is the target audience.
Okay? So, let me say, "Here is the
audience I am targeting."
And by the way, I just dropped it in
from the form. So, this is a variable
that I can pull in here
and then start the automation. And
that's how automation fundamentally
works, cuz it's all dynamic. It changes
every single time. Cuz you see here, it
might look like code, cuz it is code, uh
but it's just a variable from here. And
then lastly, we have to output the
content as JSON, because as you can see
here, I I told it to return your
response in JSON, cuz I just want a
variable.
So, what I'm going to do now is I'm
going to execute this step, which means
I'm going to test this. And as you can
see, I got the search URL, which I will
then be using to give to the scraper to
then be able to scrape the leads.
So, now that this is done, um
perfect. Let me rename this to
generate
search URL.
The next step is actually using Apify to
be able to scrape the leads. So, I'm
going to go here, look at Apify.
I'm going to run an actor, because
again, those different things are
actors, the scrapers.
And then to connect your Apify, you have
to go to create a new credential, you
need an API key right here.
I believe that
you can get your API key on settings,
API integrations, and you can um copy
this.
Default API token.
And then you can paste it here, have the
connection, and that's it.
Once you connected it, uh which one is
it?
Okay, I'm going to bet on this one.
This one right here. Uh the actor is a
thing that we're using. The uh action is
the run an actor.
And then actor source, this is fine. Uh
very very important though, if you don't
see it here, if you don't see it in the
list, which I do, which is this one
right here, you need to actually run
this once, because yours will say start
and save. Once you start and save, it
will run it once. That way you can
actually save it to your account, so
you're able to see it here.
And then the next thing it shows us is
an input JSON. So, if we look at this,
you're like, what the hell even is this?
Uh well, if you go here to the input,
there's two different ways that we can
run scrapers in Apify. We can either use
the platform itself and just run it and
then get the data, or we can use it
automatically within their automations,
or N8N, or Make, or Zapier, whatever it
is, um to be able to automatically do
it. And so, because we're using N8N as
our automation software, we have to give
a JSON. So, this right here
is an input JSON, like the input that we
give the scraper, which we can find
right here.
Right, we can just copy this.
And we can
delete this, and we can paste it here.
Okay? And the only thing that we have to
change is this. Because right now it's
fixed. If I run this, it will always
take this URL. I want to change the URL
based on the URL that we have here. So,
search URL, which we can drop in here.
Okay, so
copy this, and put it here. I think this
always happens.
There we go. So, now [music]
the green variable is the thing that
changes every single time, and all these
other ones are the same, apart from max
search result, which we can leave to
100.
Or actually, yeah, you can do 100. What
this says is like, hey, scrape the
leads. These are the maximum amount of
leads that I want you to scrape. Okay?
And we do this because, as I mentioned,
this is paid. So, you basically want to
maximize, or you want to limit, sorry,
you want to limit the amount of leads
that you want to scrape from that
scraper. Okay? So, now we have this,
then we want to wait for finish, which
means that we send the data, we then
wait until we get the data back, and
then we can move on to the next steps.
So, I'm going to execute this step right
here. Let me actually pin this. P, and
then P.
I'm going to run this.
So, you can see now this is running, and
if I go to here, to runs, I can see that
we have a new run running right here.
And this is fundamentally how you test.
You go to the Apify platform, and then
you go back to N8N, and so on. So, now
you can see that we got a list of leads,
and I mentioned the maximum amount of
result that I put was 100. So, we're
going to have to wait until we get 100,
or we can just simply stop the
automation and just test. That's how I
usually do it, uh but let's wait until
we get 100 results, then be able to go
to the next steps. All right, we can see
here that we have 97 results, uh close
to 100.
And if I go to N8N, at any second now,
we should be able to
get the run, um or finish the results of
the run. All right, we got 100, and you
go here.
And at any second now, we should see the
output that is generated. Cool. So, as
you can see, this is what we get out of
the scraper. But, the one thing about
Apify that most people get confused
about is they start thinking, where are
the leads? Like, where did they where
did they come? Well, there's an
additional step that we have to do
before we actually get the leads.
Because right here, this is running the
actor. Once we finish running the actor,
what we get is something called a
default data set ID, which you can find
here. Default data set ID. This is the
ID that we then give to the next node,
which is, let me pin this real quick, so
I don't have to run this again, the
Apify
uh get data set items, right here.
Same connection, data set, get all
items, and now we give the ID to this
node, which is the one below here,
to then be able to extract the details
from that output. And I'm going to put
the limit to 500.
I'm going to execute this step.
So, you can see now we get 100 items,
which are the 100 leads, which is first
name, last name, name, LinkedIn URL,
title, email status, photo URL, Twitter,
we get employment history, we get a
bunch of stuff, employment history, a
bunch of employment history. We get
street address, we get organization, we
get a bunch of stuff. We get everything
about the actual profile, which is
amazing. [music] And once this is done,
then we have to go to the next steps.
So, let me go here. Let me make this
green. Let me make this green. The next
step is actually generating a
personalized connection message using
AI.
>> [music]
>> Now, there's only one thing in between
this and the AI. Because when we think
about this, if I just add an AI step, so
AI, OpenAI,
message model, and so on, right? Let me
just configure this later.
This will basically send 100 items all
at the same time to the AI. And if you
want to something more scalable, ideally
you want to send maybe 20 at first, and
then loop back and do another 20, and
another 20, another 20, until it's
finished. Because [music] then you give
it space, you give it time or room to
breathe, to then be able to actually
generate a better output, or for it not
to fail. So, in order for us to be able
to send only 20 at a time, and then it
finishes the whole thing, and then goes
back in 20 at a time, we use something
called loop over items. So, if I go to
loop over items right here,
the only thing that this ask you is,
hey, how many items do you want to send
through at a time?
Well, in this case, we want to send 20,
right? Let me delete this.
So, you can go here, delete,
and delete. And now, using the loop
output, we're going to go here.
And it's basically saying, hey, okay, we
have 100 items. If I run this,
it should run.
Or not. Oh, it shouldn't run, yeah, cuz
this is just the the actual node. Oh, it
should run. Then it shows us that out of
100 items, it only sent 20 items
through.
So, that we have 20 items, and then we
use the AI to generate the personal
message, we then give it to the Google
Sheet, then we send it back here, and
get the next 20 items, and do the whole
thing again, until it's actually
finished.
And this works for any amount of items,
even if you have 5,000. It will always
loop back, right? And this is a a cheat
code that I like to use whenever you
want to make your automations more
scalable over time. Cuz again, adding
one more step, you're not going to pay
more, cuz the N8N you pay by workflow
execution, not by step, uh which is
exactly why I like to use this. So, now
we want to be able to
generate
connection
message.
Okay?
I'll go in here. Again, you already
connected your OpenAI
on these steps, you can use the same
exact connection. Let's just use GPT-4
1. Yeah, you can use this. 4.1 mini, I
think it's good. Um and the user, so in
this case, system prompt first, because
we always use a system prompt to give it
an identity, to make itself think that
it actually is that thing, and the
quality of output would be better, um
is, you are a helpful
intelligent writing assistant. And this
is always how you should structure your
prompts. Always a system prompt first,
and then, sorry about that, um and then
a user prompt, and then you can do
another user prompt, or whatever it is
you have to do. Now, for the sake of
time, I'm not going to be writing the
prompts from scratch again, um I'm going
to paste them here and then show you
exactly why they're there and how they
work. All right, so I just pasted the
prompt. Let's go through one by one. We
have a system prompt, as I wrote before.
Then we have the user prompt, the first
one, which is, your task is to take an
input of a bunch of LinkedIn profiles,
and then you basically have to return an
icebreaker. So, the icebreaker is the
connection message. Um in order to
ensure the icebreaker punchy and high
quality, make them follow this template.
So, we give it a template that they can
use, um
and they can say, hey, hey name, love
seeing thing about them, so you can say
something specific about them. I'm also
into plausible tie-in, which is
something more specific about them. Um
and then you can say, four thing about
them and plausible tie-in. Never use the
exact information provided in LinkedIn
field, instead always paraphrase. This
makes it seem more human written. You
basically give it a few instructions
that they can use. But this is
essentially the structure that we use.
Okay, and these variables are the thing
that we change every single time, that
the AI is smart enough to change, um
when we give it the actual data from
that person. The next prompt that we
give it is another user prompt. So, now
this is where we start to get to
examples. So, this is where we start to
use the assistant prompt. Uh the first
thing is a user and then assistant. So,
in this case, we're giving it an example
because we want it to, I guess, have
something in mind that it can come back
to as expectations of what we expect the
output to be. So, we give it an example,
in this case, LinkedIn fields, Daniel,
um founder and CEO, creative agency, uh
regional sales director, previous
experiences. And then we actually give
an assistant prompt, which is the output
that we should expect in JSON, which is,
hey Daniel, love seeing your creative
agency journey. I'm also building brands
that I connect. Something short and
sweet, very very uh personalized, and
very human, right? Um
which is what we want. So, we give it a
user and assistant. And then lastly, we
give it the actual data that we want it
to use, uh to be able to then make the
icebreaker. So, LinkedIn fields can be
first name, the last name, which we get
from here. The first name, last name,
LinkedIn URL, title, uh I believe that
we have previous experience. So, the
company they work for, and there's a
bunch of fields here. Again, if you get
the template, you can copy this like
literally word for word, and prompt by
prompt, um so you don't have to do this
again. But we give it different fields,
as you can see here, for it to use to
then make the icebreaker. Okay? So, now,
let me pin this.
Let me pin this, I think. I can pin
this. No, I can't pin this.
Um and let me execute this step. So, now
I'm testing [music] this. All right, so
the output uh was done, and as you can
see here, I actually messed up because I
forgot to turn this on.
So, you can see here, the content that
we got was actual JSON. Well, we don't
want the actual JSON, we want this right
here.
Right, so what we do to fix that is turn
this on.
And now, if we execute this step again,
what this should do now is it should
actually output the icebreaker not in
JSON, but as an actual sentence. All
right, so you can see here we have the
icebreaker, uh different from before
because it's not in JSON anymore, it's
an actual like something that we can
actually use.
And lastly, this is where we get to the
Google Sheet. So,
this right here, all good, and now we
get to the Google Sheet part. Let's go
here.
I'm going to press plus.
Google Sheet.
Uh append a row in a sheet.
First of all, make your connection. Just
sign in with Google.
Or yeah, sign in with Google right here.
It will take you to a page like this.
You can choose your account and then you
will come back say successful and
everything's good.
Now, I already made the sheet, but I'm
going to make it again um because I want
to show you exactly what it looks like
even making the sheet. Let's go to
sheets.new, quick hack to make a new
Google Sheet. And then, as you can see,
we need different fields. So, if I go
here, I can see that the different
fields are ID, first name, last name,
LinkedIn URL. So, ID,
first name,
last name.
Let's do LinkedIn
URL cuz I noticed that
this is just a name, the first name as
well. Then we have title,
email status.
I don't know if you need this cuz
there's no email that we're getting. Uh
so, title, photo URL, and icebreaker.
Title,
photo URL,
and then connection message.
Let me make this
um
dark blue. Make this white.
Let me make it look pretty.
Perfect. Go here.
And then, quick hack.
View this. Please have the row numbers.
If I go like this, I can still see it.
All right. So, now that we have this, I
can do connection
message
LinkedIn
and N YouTube tutorial. Really long
name. Just so I know exactly what this
is. If I go back here, I can see that
now I can uh resource is the sheet
within document. Then we want to append
a row. Append just means add. And then,
the document that we want to use is the
connection message LinkedIn and N
YouTube tutorial. There we go. Right
here. And the sheet will be sheet one.
We want to map each column manually.
And now, this is where we start adding
the different fields. So, I can go to
ID.
Yeah, this is the ID.
I think. Yeah, yeah, this is ID. Let me
go first name.
First name
right here.
Last name
Again, you could like you could spend a
few minutes like trying to figure out
where everything is right here.
I just like to put everything here. I
mean, you could also do this, right? Or
title.
Or photo URL. Yeah, maybe I was just
tripping. Maybe we should do this
uh save us more time. And then, the
icebreaker is the thing that we use as
the connection message. I think that's
it.
Right?
Let's rename this. Add leads
to Google
Sheets.
Let me save this. Uh and now, you see
this ends.
This right here now needs to go back to
loop of items behind.
There we go.
So, that we loop 20
and then we go back here, get the next
20, the next 20, the next 20 until we
get these many items.
Okay? So, we do everything we split
Basically, we split it. We loop over
items. That's what this is. All right.
So,
let me execute the step. Let me test
this thing right here.
Um I should be able to see different
leads coming through. If I don't, then
something is wrong.
We can fix it. Okay.
This has to run first.
And then, we can wait for everything to
go to the Google Sheet. Right now, it's
running. We can see that now we have the
different leads. So, ID, first name,
last name, LinkedIn URL.
Let's go here. There we go. Gino, what
is up, my man? Real estate agency.
There we go. This is so good. I mean,
you can actually just
I can't. Yeah, you can actually just
connect to them. So, connect add a note,
and then literally just go here.
Uh no, here. Copy this. Go here, paste
it, and then actually just send it.
Let me actually just send it. There we
go.
Boom.
That's it. And that's how your outbound
campaigns can actually run. And you can
do this for every single one. And the
best thing is you saw me do it manually,
but there's so many softwares that can
automate this. See, you simply can have
a machine running through in the back
end that's personalized like hyper
personalized to each person because
again, you can only send 30 connections
a day maximum. I mean, you can, but you
you you risk getting banned on LinkedIn.
So, if you have an automated platform,
you can only send 30 a day. So, 30 * 30
900.
Like typically, you would only need a
900 leads right here every single month.
God, why do I keep going back to this?
Um you would only need 900 leads right
here every single month you can go
through. And again, we can script 5,000
for free every single month. So, this is
literally a no-brainer. Like everyone
should be using this if you want um to
to I guess run a campaign or run
something in the back end that can work.
Because
the alternative is just you doing it
manually.
Hey, in this video, I'm going to build a
full sales coach system inside of N and
N that takes the transcript of every
single one of my calls. It sends it to a
custom sales coach GPT that is trained
on the best sales frameworks in the
world. And then, it delivers a full
[music] breakdown on Slack with
everything that I could have done
better. By the way, this is literally
the exact system that we sold [music] to
a business for 3K. So, the first part of
the automation is actually me ending the
call, which triggers a webhook. Means it
sends the data to N and saying, "Hey, we
just finished a call. Review it." Right?
Now, obviously, I can't do that right
now cuz I'm not on call. But what I'll
do is I'll send a request to this
webhook so you can see what it actually
looks like. So, we finished the call.
Let me send the data here.
What it does then is it uses Fireflies,
which is the software that we're using
for meeting notes to extract the
transcript. Then we're sending it to a
sales coach GPT, which is on our
platform the OpenAI
platform here, which is trained on a
document,
which is this one right here, which has
a bunch of frameworks and questions that
you should ask uh for different parts of
the call, which analyzes the full call
based on our framework, and then sends
us a message on Slack right here. We can
see that it broke down the start of the
call and also the objections, clarifying
objections. So, you missed an
opportunity to clarify the prospect's
objectives early on. A question like,
"What specific outcomes are you hoping
to achieve from this automation?" would
have set clear expectations and
direction. That's pretty true. Instead,
you asked, "Can you run me through your
company first?" which turned the focus
away from the immediate needs. Now,
that's pretty good uh framework. I of
course I was this few months back, so I
wasn't the best closer.
I was trying my best. But there you go.
So, it took all the call and it analyzed
it based on this exact framework, right?
Which is a framework that we use in
sales. I'm going to start from zero, so
I'm going to go plus
workflow, personal, and then start from
zero.
So, you get to see what it actually
looks like. And we can start. And as
always, we never start here, but we
start here, right? Because we want to
map things out before we build it. So,
every automation that we build has an
input
and has an output.
Right?
So, the input in this case, let me make
this unbold.
And by the way, if you're wondering what
platform I'm using, it's Miro. Very
good.
Uh the input in this case will be
the call
recording.
Or call transcript, right?
This is a pretty easy system. I'm not
going to lie. But it is one of the most
ROI. I mean, you'll find is that the
easiest systems, not the easiest, but uh
the ones that are easier to build that
are not super complex with 50 AI agents,
uh they're typically the ones that give
the business the most value.
Okay. So, call transcript, which is a
transcript of the call. And by
transcript, we mean what's everything
that has been said. And we know this
works because we have meeting note
takers. So, for those of you who don't
know what meeting note takers are, let's
go to Fireflies, for example.
Right here.
Fireflies, not this, but this
is a note taker, right? What this does
is that it joins the calls when you're
on a call with a client. So, you hop on
a call with the client and you let it
in, and it's sort of like a
like a live note taker. So, it's there.
It doesn't speak, of course. It just
takes notes and it transcribes the call
so you can then use it for whatever it
is. I typically have uh the note taker
on every single call just because it's
great if you missed anything on the call
that you want to look back or action
items or things like these, which are
great.
That's what we would typically do. So,
call transcript, we would use Fireflies.
Let me put here
Fireflies. You also have Fathom, you
have Sybill.ai, you have Loom. Uh
there's a ton of stuff that you that you
have in the market. Um they're all
pretty good. So, call transcript, and
then we want to basically send it
to the GPT, sales GPT.
We'll have to make a GPT on the OpenAI
platform, which is actually very easy,
so don't worry. Uh to
to analyze call.
Let me make this here.
And then,
we have to
send Slack message
with breakdown.
With feedback.
There we go.
See, crazy system. $3,000 for something
like this uh that took me about what, 1
to 2 hours cuz it was the first time. Uh
but if I were to sell it to another
person, it would take maybe 30 minutes.
It all really depends on what document
you're using to the GPT to actually
compare the sales call. All right. So,
with that said, let's start here. Uh
let's start with the first step, which
is call transcript. So, because we're
using Fireflies, what I'm going to do is
I'm going to open up.
And you're going to have to make an
account. I have the free account, so I'm
not paying for this. And you can see
here I have meetings.
I have all the meetings with everyone
that I've had. I believe that I'm above
the rate, which is cuz they give you
like
600 minutes of free free calls. But
here's all the meetings that I have. And
so, with every single meeting that I've
had,
we can transcribe it and use this exact
automation, which is amazing. And
especially cuz I've had days where I've
had five calls, and so I wanted every
single call transcribed and give me
feedback and so on. And it happens
instantly cuz it's right after the call.
So, where am I going with this? We have
to go here
to the settings. And then, we go to
developer settings here, and we can see
that we have two different things. So,
we're just going to play around with
these two different things. So, the
first thing is the API key, which is
sort of like a password. If you use
ChatGPT in your automations or Claude or
Gemini or Grok or OpenRouter, you always
need an API key, which is a password.
>> [music]
>> And then, we have a webhook. And this is
really why we're able to make this
automation happen is because we
can transcribe. It's triggered when
transcription is completed. What this
means is that you go on a call with the
client, it finishes, it then finishes
transcribing the call, which takes about
3-5 seconds, and then it sends a signal
to the automation saying, "Hey, this is
the meeting recording, or this is the
meeting ID." And then [music]
we send it to the next step to take the
meeting ID and then take the transcript
from the call, okay? It will make much
more sense once I actually build it. Uh
but bear in mind that we are able to
send a notification to the automation
once a meeting is finished.
So, the first step is actually adding
the webhook. So, if I go to N and N
right here, I can add a first step,
which is a trigger, which is what is the
thing [music] that starts the
automation. And here we have on webhook
call.
So, again, webhook is just a URL of that
people use, or that servers use, to send
signals back and forth, right? So, the
webhook is made right here. You don't
have to do anything. Just get this.
Just press on it, you copy it, and then,
if you go back to Fireflies,
you can paste it here.
And you press save.
Now, very important thing that we
currently have a test webhook,
right? If you want to go in production,
so if you want to
make this live, activate this, you have
to change this to a production URL. The
only difference is is that this
has this,
and production doesn't, right? That's
it. So, [music] in theory now, if you
have a call with the client, and you
bring in Fireflies, then once the call
is finished, it will send a signal to
this webhook. So, as I mentioned, I'm
not able to be on a call right now, but
I have the request that we typically get
from the call recording, right? Now, in
order for us to send a example request,
we're going to go to Postman API,
which is a new thing that I haven't
introduced before. Uh but it actually is
a really, really good software. It's
actually very easy to use. It looks a
bit fancy and techy as well. Um but we
use this when we are testing webhooks,
right? Because something like this to
test it, you would have to go on a call,
you have to finish the call, you need to
say something on the call, and it will
take too much time for it to test. So,
what we do here is we set up a sample
request, example request. [music]
The first thing we need is to
um to add a URL,
which is this right here.
So, copy this
and paste it here.
And we want to make sure that this is
post
because get is getting information, post
is sending information. So, in this
case, we're sending information to the
webhook, and because that is post, we
also have to change this to post. There
you go.
And then we need the body, raw. So, this
is a JSON. JSON is just a language that
we communicate software to software, and
we have to set up the request. So, we
have to set up the actual variables that
go into the webhook for it to start the
automation, which are the ones right
here. So, you get a meeting ID and event
type. So, right here, if I listen for
test events,
I can press send,
and this will send the information here.
So, again, if this looks a bit
complicated, just understand that we're
not able to test this. Okay, I have to
be on a call. So, we're using Postman
API to send a sample request here. And
this is exactly what we would get every
single time when the call finishes. So,
it's purely just for testing. As in,
when we go live, we don't use Postman
API, we just use the webhook from the
Fireflies. Now that we have the meeting
ID, and we don't have the transcript,
we now have to figure out how to take
this transcript from this meeting ID.
So, meeting ID is like a unique
identifier for every single call that
you have.
And so, if I go to Fireflies meetings,
and I go to like a random one, say on
here, this one right here.
The URL on the top,
if I go here, I can see that this is the
meeting ID. So, the URL is pretty
standard, and the only thing that
changes is the meeting ID and the
meeting name. So, going back here, we
have to take the meeting ID, which I can
pin now. I don't have to use Postman API
anymore.
Uh and then we can
um look for Fireflies
right here, Fireflies. You would have to
install the thing. It only takes like 5
seconds, so it's fine.
>> [music]
>> And now we want to get the transcript,
get transcript.
So, as you can see, to get the
transcript, we just have to put the
transcript ID. Now, the first thing you
have to do is go here,
create a new credential, you have to get
the API key, which you can get here.
Uh what was it? Settings, developer
settings, and API key. Just copy this
and paste it here to connect your
account. Choose the right account. And
now the resource, which is what is the
thing that we are changing, or in
general, what are we doing? In this
case, it'll be transcript. The
operation, which is what is the action
that we're doing? And you can do a bunch
of stuff.
And the transcript ID, which we get from
here,
meeting ID.
By the way, most of these variables,
you don't actually have to know
anything. You just have to know the
body, which is the actual variables that
we get, which is the meeting ID and
event type. And that's it. So, now that
we have the transcript ID, we can press
execute step.
This will now, I believe, take the
transcript. Yep. And the problem is that
we have an array. So, it didn't give us
the transcript all together. It gave us
different bits of the transcript.
Sentence one, sentence two, and this,
well, being a 12-minute call, is really,
really long.
See, we have about 444 sentences. It
breaks up the transcript into sentences.
But naturally, the thing you want to do
here is take the sentences and put them
all together. So, the next step is to do
that. So, we have to pin this,
and then And by the way, I'm pinning
this so I don't have to rerun it again.
I can go to edit fields, which is
basically taking a sort of variable and
changing it, manipulating data, right?
And we're trying to get the sentences,
which are all the way here, really,
really long, and put them all together.
To do that, we can just call this
transcript. So, I'm setting a variable.
And now if I go full screen, I can
sentences, cuz this is the array. Again,
an array is this whole thing full of all
the variables together.
And we just want to extract the raw
text. And to do that, you have to go
here.
I believe that is map.
Yeah, map, cuz we're mapping. We're
saying, "Hey, inside this, I want raw
text."
So, it'll be item
equals item. dot
uh raw underscore text.
There you go.
You see how we have all the sentences
here right now?
All the sentences.
And the last thing is to actually join
them. So, join,
which is basically taking out all the
quote marks, and we just have a full
transcript of a call instead
of
this, right? Sentences.
With a bunch of variables that are so,
so long.
Cuz we could, theoretically, feed this
to AI, but it would just be way too
large. It would break, definitely break.
So, we just have the transcript that we
need.
Okay, so what do we do? We took the
sentences, cuz there's 450 sentences or
more. Let me just scroll a little bit
down.
And we're taking the raw text, which is
the actual text from that sentence. So,
we just have all the sentences together.
And this is the formula that we use.
Map,
item, item. The actual name of the item,
which is raw text,
plus [music] join, so dot join, which is
joining everything together. And that's
it. So, now that we have the transcript,
we can execute step,
and the JSON will just be the whole
transcript. So, I'm going to rename this
to
clean
transcript.
The next step is actually the
the sauce of the whole system. So, this
is done.
So, the next step here is to make a GPT.
And by the way, a GPT is just a thing,
like an AI assistant, you could say,
that is just trained on a specific
thing, right? That allows us to be able
to analyze, to talk to, to do XYZ. And
why is it better than just a normal one?
It's because we give it examples. So,
for [music] example, Mosey GPT
is trained on 200 hours of content and
two of his books, [music]
right? So, you ideally want to use this
instead of using the general ChatGPT
search bar because this is trained on
these documents. [music]
So, it's more specific. And so, in this
case, we're not going to use a GPT here,
but we're going to go to
platform.openai.com,
which is the API platform, right? Where
we actually use automations back and
forth. By the way, I made a full video
showing you how you can build with
AgentKit, video up here. But the thing
that we want to do is to be able to
create a project. So, if you just logged
into platform.openai.com,
you most likely don't have a project.
So, create one. Let's name it
N and test.
Create.
Go to dashboard.
Go to assistants
because these are the assistants that we
make. And by the way, if I go to my
previous project, you can see that I
already have assistants.
You can press create an assistant.
Create. And now this is where we make
the GPT, okay? The thing that actually
uh is going to be able to analyze our
calls. So, I'm going to name this sales
coach.
And the instructions is the prompt. So,
let's say I want an AI assistant to just
give me feedback on my sales calls. I am
taking sales calls every day for and I
have an AI automation agency that helps
clients to
automate their processes and be more
efficient [music] in the business. And
the founder is Michele, M I C H E L E.
I'm the one who's hopping on the calls,
and I'm also the sales rep.
I'm doing everything. Um
so,
there you go. Press create.
And I'm using AI because typically
that's what you guys would do. But I'll
show you exactly if this is a good
prompt or not good prompt. And this
right here wasn't here, I believe, few
months ago. I think it's almost recent.
And
it gave us a full
um prompt.
It's actually not bad. So, the founder
is Michele. You don't have to spell it.
Stop.
I just didn't want it to say Michelle.
That's cool.
Uh providing actual feedback on sales
calls for an AI automation agency.
Founder is Michele. I am not saying
about user. Let's write in markdown
formatting. So, overview. This just
means heading one. So, it's just
hierarchy of like text, just [music] as
you would for a normal essay. And then
here it would be objective. Your
objective is to analyze each submitted
sales call, identify strength. That is
pretty decent.
I'm not going to give it any examples.
And one thing we need to add here is a
document that the GPT will use to
actually
give feedback on the call.
So, I'm going to put file,
and I'm going to drop in the file that
we're going to use
to be able to um
to transcribe, or not transcribe, to
give feedback on the call. And it's this
file. So, this is the file that I'm
going to using. This is a PDF that has
10 steps framework. Has introduction.
So, "Hey John, how's everything going?"
Uh agenda. "What I'd like to do in this
call is really just ask you a few
questions, get to know a little bit more
about you, and really see if and how I
could actually help.
Does that sound fair?
It's crazy. I used to because I used to
be in sales, so well,
I can't call me a closer, but I was a I
was a setter.
Vision-based questions, challenge-based
questions.
And these are considered good, right?
And this is a course program that I was
in.
And they gave us this framework.
So, I'm going to use this to be able to
compare it to our call. And yeah, that's
it. So, with that said, we have the
framework PDF. I can attach it.
And what this will now do is it will
turn this into a vector store. And what
that means is that it's taking the PDF,
in this case it's text, it's
transforming it into embeddings, and
then it's vectorizing the data. That's
why it's called a Let me go here. It's
called a vector vector store.
And then we're adding it to a vector
database, right? Database. So, you hear
back to database, it just means that it
is full of like information, whether
it's an image, audio, video, and text.
In this case, it's just a PDF that is
turned into a number so that we then can
text say, "Can you pull information from
XYZ?" Which will then vectorize my
question, which means it will take my
question, turn that into 010001.
It will then check it against the vector
store that we have, which are all
different vectors, lines, and stuff with
all numbers. It would match the numbers
and then give us the answer, okay? Which
is much more efficient than anything
else. That's why RAG systems are very
very good. Um I need to turn this on,
but it's telling me that the file search
is not enabled for this model.
Let's try GPT-5 or GPT-4 1.
Yeah, there we go. So, not all models I
can retrieve data. In this case, we can
use 4 1. File search. And now
we can say, "What is it that is called?"
Millionaire Closers Framework, okay. So,
when it's giving feedback, I want it to
give feedback from like taking
information from the Millionaire Closers
Framework.pdf
that I uploaded in the file search, um
and just give feedback based on that.
So, now it's doing its thing and we also
have a few settings that we can change
down below, which I'll explain in just a
second.
All right, so it just finished this.
And then full screen.
Let me change this again. It keeps
changing it to the other one. Overview.
Uh you're an AI assistant closers
[music] or PDF. So, we're saying, "Hey,
you are a assistant specializing in
providing actionable feedback." So, the
reason why most of the prompts that you
see out there start with you are an AI
assistant uh AI assistant is because
we are giving it a system prompt. A
system prompt is a prompt that we give
an AI in general
with an identity. So, if you tell an AI,
"You are this type of person," it will
psych itself to think that it actually
is that thing, is that identity, so then
the output will be better, right? It
will be better in in every single way
possible. So, for this example right
here, imagine you had a sales call come
through. You have to analyze this sales
call, and you have to use AI to do it.
If one AI was given the A, "You were a
helpful, intelligent sales assistant
that's done this for 10 years," versus
another one that doesn't have it, this
will be higher quality because it's now
given an identity. That's it.
Uh analyze each submitted user's call
referencing only the Millionaire Closers
Framework. Yeah, I'm just taking off the
apostrophes because
that's not what the the actual thing
has. And now it's really just about
testing, right? So, I want to press
save, and we can test it right here. But
before that, I also have these model
configurations. So, the response format
will be text, that's fine. Then we have
temperature, and the higher the
temperature, the more random the model
will be. The lower the temperature, the
more strict the AI is with the rules
that we've given, okay? Then we have top
P, which is the higher the top P, the
more it will use different words. The
lower top P, the more it will use the
same words, right? So, it will start
using actually the same words. All
right, so I'm going to test this. I'm
just going to drop in a transcript,
which I can get right here.
Let me just copy this.
Copy selection. I can paste this.
Yeah, that's good. That's good.
Paste this here. I can run.
And you're basically running this actual
like agent GPT. So, you don't have to
run it through the automation, you can
just run it here. So, reasoning.
Frame control and agenda.
The prospect volunteered extensive
details about the business.
The rep asked several questions.
I don't know if I like this too much,
I'm not going to lie, cuz it also gives
us null, which is a bit mad. Yeah, I
don't want any of this. Like this is
this is pretty pretty so
it's not that good. Um plus it took a
lot of tokens to do it. So,
I'm actually going to paste the prompt
that I had before.
Just from right here.
Uh which is much shorter.
And I said, "You're a sales closer
expert. I want to do overview."
With over 30 years of experience in
teaching sales, you know the exact
framework that will get a prospect to
buy and are expert in reviewing people's
calls and so on. Then I give it my
context and then rules and guidelines.
Now, the important thing here and the
actual use case is that the this will
not be the CEO, well, most likely,
right? It will be his sales team that
does calls, and then you review the
calls using a GPT here, and then you
give feedback on the calls so they can
actually get better. And that's
literally it. So, let me paste this
again, the the actual call.
Let me go back to and then I can copy
this. Copy selection.
Paste this here.
Run.
And now it should give us a shorter
answer.
Opportunities null.
Okay, let's just see how it looks like
on the actual
automation. I'm not going to judge here,
so
let's just see what it looks like. But I
like this more cuz it's it's uh it's
shorter,
right? And it also seems like it's a bit
more random. So, let me turn this down a
little bit. Let's do
uh
eight.
Let me try this again. And this is all
about testing, right? So, theoretically,
you won't have the actual answer like in
your head. You just have to test.
So, by putting it lower, I'm saying,
"Hey, you can't don't be so creative,"
right? Like just follow the framework,
follow the prompt that we give it.
And it's actually better. Well,
I don't know if it's better, but
it's giving us Yeah, it's giving us
better answer, to be honest. We'll just
put it to test in the automation and
we'll see how
how it does. Cool, I like the I like
this one right here. Sample script
experts from the next call. All right,
now that we have this, we can now
connect this to our n8n workflow. So,
all we have to do is go to plus,
look for OpenAI,
and then usually you actually message a
model, right? In this case, you want to
assistant. Create an
uh message an assistant. There we go.
To connect your OpenAI, you have to go
to get the API key, which you can get
from from the openai.com.
Go to dashboard, go to API keys,
press create a new secret key.
So, n8n test.
Create a key, and then you can copy this
and bring it back here and put me
calendar
19th of October.
Save.
Now you have the connection to your
account saved. And now the resource will
be assistant, the action that we're
taking is messaging an assistant. So,
we're doing the same thing that we did
before here. We're doing it
automatically.
And now from the list, we want to
uh get the sales coach. That's it. Bear
in mind that when you make an assistant
on this project [clears throat]
and then you make an API key on this
project, you will not be able to see
this assistant here. So, make sure that
you make the assistant on the project
where you also get the API key in,
right? It's important. So, you can see
here, I got the API key from this
project, n8n test. Then we have to add
the user message. So, the user message
will be uh not chat trigger node, it
will be defined below because we're
defining the user message. If I make
this bigger, it's expression. Make this
bigger, I can copy the prompt. And I can
say, "Your task is to give feedback on
this call by looking at the transcript.
Uh rules, make the feedback concise and
break tactical, pointing out exactly
what I could have done better on the
call. Provide specific quotes in the
call when giving feedback, and remove
this right here, which is typically what
it gives us um when it sources the
actual data or the the text.
That's it. And then don't use markdown
formatting because the next step is
Slack, and Slack doesn't have markdown
formatting. Uh if you don't know what
markdown formatting is, it's this sheet
here. This.
Heading one is this.
Then we have heading two.
But it doesn't actually This is great if
you have like some softwares that read
markdown formatting. So, it wouldn't
actually output this. It would just
output the heading two in the format of
heading two.
But in this case, we don't have it with
Slack, so it's fine.
And now this is finished.
So, make this green.
The last thing is send a Slack message
with the feedback.
I want to go here. First, rename this to
sales
coach.
Let me actually run this so I can see
what
how it works. This is now
theoretically talking
to this agent, [music]
my agent GPT,
and getting the answer. As you can see
here, we have
the output, which is sales call
feedback, Millionaire Closers Framework,
opening, report strength, okay.
Cool.
And now let me pin this.
We can add Slack. Just the last uh node.
And we can message a channel, send a
message.
To connect our Slack, just go here to
create your credential. You can connect
your account
and just log in. Literally just choose
your organization that you have. For me,
it's JM Solutions.
And then you can allow. Connection
successful. Go back to n8n. You can put
JM Solutions.
As you can see, I've already done it
before.
Right here. I'll add another one.
Another thing that we're changing is the
message or manipulating. The action that
we're taking is sending. Send a message
to channel. If I go to Slack, I can see
that all the channels that I have are
these ones, which are all for testing.
So, when you make a Slack account, this
is a free account as well, so you will
have the free account. Just literally
make a channel. You can create a
channel,
and you can name it call reviews or
whatever it is.
And this will be the channel that we
use. Now, bear in mind that the channel
ID is also here. I believe it's either
this or this. I think it's this. Um
but we don't have to use the ID. We can
just simply select from the options
cuz it will be call reviews.
And then it will be send a simple text
message and the message text will be the
output which is a feedback of the call.
If I press execute step,
we should now see that we have a
um feedback. This is way too long. I'm
going to lie.
If I had to read this for every single
call that I have, I probably wouldn't
want to take calls anymore. Um
So we definitely need to say make it
shorter.
Yeah, I think it will have to be here.
Um rules
make a concise
without writing massive paragraphs.
Not the best prompt, I'm not going to
lie.
Um
So let me execute this step again. Now
let me execute this step.
Unpin and let me execute the step.
And now I'm running this, we have the
output. Let me pin this and let me test
this again. Let me run this.
If I go here, I can see that I have the
Okay, that's much better.
You see how a changing prompt can just
change everything here? We control an
agenda setting. Early in the call you
let the prospect take the lead. I'm
quite direct and I can just go cut
straight to the chase.
It's true.
Um
Yeah, cool. I I love the fact that
they're putting in quotes. Like the
quote stuff is really really good cuz it
tells you exactly what you said and what
you could have said better. So for
example, it says here when she said, I
just probably won't have the time to do
it basically. You moved on to technical
detail. Instead, drill down the tell me
more about what not having the time is
costing the business. Where have things
broken down or gone wrong because of
this?
Not bad. Not bad.
Um
Okay, so we have the full exact
framework
that we want. Ideally, I want to see the
name of the call at the top so what I
can do here
in Slack is
I can go down to get a transcript and I
should be able to see the name of the
call
right here. Title.
And then you can say break down
feedback.
And now if I execute the step, I can now
see that I have basically the same thing
which you can now use and we have the
full breakdown.
Hey, in this video I'm going to show you
step by step how I built a lead
generation system inside of that allows
us to scrape thousands of leads using
Google Maps. Then we extract the URLs of
the websites,
>> [music]
>> then we look for the emails inside the
websites before adding it to our Google
Sheet database which allows us to then
reach out to them and get business. All
right, so this [music] right here is the
system. I'm going to run it from
scratch.
We're going to walk through how it
works. The first part is scraping a URL
which is a link of Google Maps.
Now that's a link you typically go to
Google Maps for in case you want to cold
call or cold email. And what this will
now do is it will extract the URLs which
is the the websites that are in here. It
will remove any duplicates. It will
filter the ones that actually have a URL
like a real one. And then it goes here
to scraping the website,
finding the emails of each website.
And then at the end after having scraped
every single one that's in the Google
Maps URL, it will add it to our Google
Sheet database. And then once it scraped
every single URL
and emails inside the URLs, then adds
them all to our Google Sheet database.
Where we can see here that we have 25
emails, right? Out of 32 websites that
we scraped. And so these right here are
all the emails that we can now use to
run our cold outreach. Now cold outreach
just stands for reaching out to people
who are cold, who have no idea who we
are. So what I would do after this is
hook them up to an email sequence uh
software which means that there's some
software that allow you to write emails
automatically to each person. And so
that you just run email campaign
automatically and you can use the system
every other day uh to scrape new leads,
to scrape new emails and then reach out
to them. All right, so let's go through
the whole system step by step and show
you how it works. The first part is the
Google Maps data extraction. So if I go
here, we're running this manually right
now, but it would typically be a
What would it be? On on schedule because
ideally we don't want to go to Any.do to
have to run this manually every single
time. So we use something like this
which allows us to be able to run the
system every day or every second,
minute, hour, days, weeks, months. It
has very custom formulas. So we can put
this as an automatic first step, but in
this case we have this manually. And now
the real first step to why this is
possible, so if we go in here, we're
using a HTTP request. Now HTTP stands
for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. Yeah,
there you go. Hypertext Transfer
Protocol which is a very fancy word to
say, hey, we're taking a URL like this.
So let me just copy this and paste it in
Google
which is literally us going to Google
Maps and putting agencies in New York
which are all the agencies in New York
right here. And we're scraping this this
this all the websites that are here. All
of them. Right, we're going to each one
so you don't have to essentially. And so
the HTTP request allows us to be able to
get
The method is just what are we doing? In
this case we're getting information.
All of this, right? And if I go here
and show you exactly how this actually
works
to inspect. On the right hand side, this
is what it's scraping. The HTML behind
the page. Network. There's a ton of
stuff, a ton of different little codes
and language here, but that allows the
HTTP request to be able to extract the
whole information out of this page which
then is useful for us for the next
steps. And as you can see here the data
which is the output like what is the
thing that this the system is giving us
to start with is just this.
Right? Doc type HTML and there's a ton
of stuff here. So I go to JSON which is
the way that you can also represent
this. It's a long long JSON string
which again is the JSON not JSON, it is
the HTML behind the actual website,
right? Which you can then use. And by
the way, if this is the first time that
you see this node right here, HTTP, or
maybe you never used it before, then
check out this video up here where I
show you the fundamentals of how it
works. All right, now that we have this,
let me pin this because now the output
is just this, right? HTML.
We use a code node, right? Again, we're
coding now. But we're using a JavaScript
code to be able to turn this long long
HTML into this.
Right? Which are all websites. I go to
schema, I can see that we have 229 items
which means that it found 229 websites.
For example, we have schema.org and we
have a ton more, right? Let's say let's
go https fonts.gstatic.com.
This is a invalid URL, right? For
example. And so what this does, let me
paste it into ChatGPT.
That's usually what I would do if I
didn't know what the code did and say,
can you break this down into one
sentence
explain what this does.
Typically the input is the HTML which is
the long string of HTML text that we
get.
And we take the first input JSON. We
find all the website URLs using regular
expression. So we call this regex. It's
just a a fancy way to say that we let's
say we have a long text and it finds
things that are like prominent, right?
So for example, every website that we
know has https semicolon slash slash. So
it finds all the websites that are
within that we're occurring sort of
text, right? And then it extracts all of
them.
And then it returns them as a list of
separate JSON objects. And that's
essentially what it does. Because again,
here we have these, right? So it
extracts these which it finds. It knows
because well sort of every website has
https and then it has .com or .it or
.whatever depending on what country. And
it leaves these alone which are not
websites. We want to make this run once
for all items and we want to use JSON
which is JavaScript Object Notation. And
then we're just giving it this data,
right? Which is
this first.json.data.
And we get this.
Now once we have this, we now have a
list of 229 websites that we can now use
to be able to scrape, right? Now as you
can see here, 229 websites entered this
new node, but 34 only went out. It's
because we have a filter here. We filter
by the URLs that schema.org, right?
Which is not a real website or Google
websites or GG websites or GStatic
websites. These are not websites that we
can scrape that have emails in them. And
so what we do here is we say the website
does not contain
right? Which is a string. Does not
contain because string is just saying,
hey, it does not contain within the text
schema and it does not contain Google
and it does not contain GG and GStatic
because these are the signs that it's
not an actual website. For example, as
you can see here, we have all the ones
that were invalid. I go here, https
gstatic.
These are all invalid websites. And so
we don't want to scrape those websites.
We only want to scrape the ones that are
actual websites. For example, this right
here.
I go here
and I can see that this is an actual
business. And that's the ones that we
use for the next steps. So we have this
filter step right here. And then once we
have 34 websites that are actual
websites that we can scrape, we are
removing duplicates which means that we
are taking a list of 20 for example like
these. And we're looking, hey, is there
any duplicates in the actual list?
[music] Well, as you can see here, yes,
we have this.
This, that's duplicate.
And these three, so on. And so we just
take them.
We say, hey, remove items repeated
within the current input which is this.
And we want to compare all fields.
And this is the output that we get. We
get a list of websites that are actual
websites that are not repeated that we
can use to then extract the emails from.
There we go.
I'm going to pin this. I'll pin this as
well. Now this up here actually doesn't
have to be here. Uh it's just for
production. Uh sorry, for testing
because we're limiting the amount of
items, the amount of websites that we're
sending through just to test. But you
could delete this and have this pass
through all the items from remove
duplicates. But here we have the um
we're basically saying, hey, only let
10,000 websites through as a limit. And
now this is where we start the scraping.
Now so far, these are nodes that you
probably never seen before in an actual
automation together, right? The HTTP
code uh filter, remove duplicates, and
limit. And we also have the loop over
items again. So, we script the websites,
we extract the URLs of the websites, and
we go here and we filter and we say,
"Hey, is this a Google website or is
this an actual website?" If it's an
actual one, then we send it to the next
step, which basically takes the whole
list, it removes all the duplicates, and
then what we do here is now we go into
the process of scraping. Now, scraping
just means that you go inside Let's say
I go to uh
Let me go Let me take an example here.
Custom Staffing, there we go. This one
right here. And what we're doing here is
we are extracting all the text, which
you can find here. So, every single
website that you see in the internet has
HTML. It's consisted of HTML,
which is why we're able to
put these buttons, make this orange,
make this white, make this blue, right?
We're able to make websites not just a
Google document, right? Make them look
pretty. It's all HTML. So, what the
server does is it just goes here and
extracts that to be able for us to go to
the next step, which is, again, going
down the loop way, which is just
looping. So, going through each website
over and over again. And we're only
sending one item, so one website through
at the same time.
So, we're sending one item, which is a
website. We then script the website
using just a simple HTTP again get
request. So, we're getting the whole
HTML
of the website here. We just drag this
across. So, this is all the code that we
spoke about. And one thing that I also
added here is the ability for the
workflow to continue even though there's
an error. Why? Well, it's because some
websites, when you script them, they
don't allow you to script the website.
As in there's a there's an encryption
that that says, "Hey, this is private.
You need a password or you need some
sort of authentication to get inside."
And if that happens, this will error
out. There'll be an error. So, we're
saying, "Hey, you can still continue the
automation even though it might fail at
the same time." And so, what we do for
the next steps after we extracted all
the language behind the website is we
wait. Now, the reason why we wait about,
yeah, 1 second is because of the fact
that we don't want to run into any rate
limits. And rate limits usually happens
when you script websites over and over
and over again really really fast. So,
you want to give it some room to
breathe. 1 second is enough. Um you can
even put two.
So, you're able to make sure that you
are actually able to script all these
websites. And then what we do here is we
go to a similar
sort of node right here. Well, it's the
same node, right? But it's a similar
function.
And we extract the emails. So, the input
is this, which is the data here. So,
this right here, this this this whole
thing that you see that you probably get
confused about,
this just says, "Hey, this is the
typical way that people write emails,
okay? And the email is usually text
here,
right? Before
the @ and then gmail.com and then
something.com or something.it.
And so, what we're seeing here is this.
We're saying, "Hey, we're basically
looking at patterns." So, every email
usually has these characters before the
@, these characters after the @,
and then some sort of text.
And so, that's what we extract from the
website to then get the emails. And
sometimes [music]
it cannot read properties of undefined
reading match, which means that it
didn't find it. But if I go here to
Let's say 21, so on,
you can see that it found a ton of
emails from the same company that he
uses. And so, again, we're using code to
be able to extract all the emails from
the script of the website, so from the
HTML, from the language behind the
website, that we can then do for every
single website that we have. And when
this is finished, we then send it up
here to wait again. We give it 5 seconds
just to give it some room to breathe.
And then we have to filter out the
websites that don't have any emails. So,
we're saying, "Hey, does it JSON.email
right here?
If this exists, then send it through. If
it doesn't exist, then don't send it
through." In this case, you see that we
had uh these emails come up, and the
emails that didn't come up were these
ones because we couldn't find them or it
was just, yeah, null just means that
there's nothing there. This just means
that it was an error that we can't read
the property.
And we're only keeping the ones that we
can find
right here. Before taking these emails,
which are in an array. Array just means
that it's in a way where we have
different information inside the
information. And we're taking this block
and we're splitting it out.
Right? So, what this means is that we're
taking all these emails and we're
processing each one individually. Okay,
that's what an array is. Array is just
something that has this inside. It's
like you go to the grocery store and the
groceries is banana, strawberries,
fruits, XYZ. These is the different
items within the grocery list. We're
splitting it out into each one. So, you
can see now we have 110 emails,
different pages.
Right? That you can then send to another
remove duplicate because, as you can see
here, there are some duplicates as well
within the emails.
And so, we want to remove those.
And so, out of 110 emails,
we only kept 25. Which I'm going here, I
can see that it's the same exact
setting, remove items repeated within a
current input. With the input is this.
And this is the output.
List of emails, which you can now use to
be able to add to our Google Sheet
database right here.
Which you can then use for email
campaigns.
Now, can you use Apify to do all of
this? Yes, but Apify isn't free. As in
you still have to pay for it. Um I guess
it is more reliable in a sense as in
Apify has their own scrapers, you can
add more stuff there. But just the fact
that we're able to put a URL right here,
and we can change this to
agencies in I don't know.
Canada.
Right here.
Agencies is in Ontario. I don't know if
that thing come up. Agencies. Zoom
agencies.
Again, we can do agencies in a specific
location.
And then these are all the agencies that
it will use, that it will extract the
information from.
In this case, we're in New York,
the one and only. Um and this [music]
will be the thing that it will extract
to then be able to then get all the
emails. Now, one thing that we could do
actually is this. We could, instead of
running this on a daily basis because it
would extract the same exact websites,
now that I thought of it, you can have
another page here,
and the page would be websites or
businesses
to scrape.
And you can have,
I don't know, like agencies in New York,
agencies in Canada,
or whatever, like flooring businesses.
You can have a ton of businesses here
that you can use.
And then you can hook this up. So, if I
go here,
I can press plus. I can then look for
sheets.
Get rows.
Look for our Google Sheet, which is
Apify emails.
It will be sheet one,
I believe. No, sheet two. Let's call
this businesses.
So, you know, we can keep track. Okay,
it'll be sheet two.
And now we can run this.
So, if I run this here, I can now get
these agencies in New York.
Right? And so, what will happen here is
that we have to hook this up to the
Google Sheet, to the actual Google Maps.
And we know that everything that goes
after the search
is something that changes.
Right? Because Google Maps will search
everything behind here because
everything before here is a static,
which means it's the exact same for
every single URL. But here is something
that we can change. And so, what we can
do, pretty high level, but we can take
this. We can put it here.
Right? And watch this. We can go inside.
I don't think I've done this before, but
uh we can
press plus, and then
replace all
um space
spaces with plus. Why did I do that?
It's because Apify, or not Apify, HTTP
requests don't allow you to have spaces.
And so, as you can see here, we had SO
agencies in New York. We had agencies
plus
in plus New plus York. And so, that's
what we're doing here. We're taking this
and we're saying, "Okay, make it so that
in the spaces, we only have plus."
And now if I run this, let me go
here.
Okay, I need to unpin this though.
If I run this, now this should work from
the Google Sheet.
Three.
Went through all three.
Each one individually that we can then
use to go through the whole system. So,
where was I going with this? Well, I was
going to say that you can have a list of
businesses to scrape
here.
And then at the end of the the actual
thing, you can have a update a row,
which is updating here and saying,
"Added."
And you can put yes. And then now here,
you can also put a filter that says,
"Hey, don't send the ones that have yes
in here." So, you always send the ones
that are new that you haven't script
before. You can have a whole list right
here. Congrats on finishing the ultimate
course on n8n, which took you from a
real beginner in automations in general
and n8n to someone who's actually able
to build automations for themselves and
for other businesses. We answered the
question of what is automation, and then
going diving deep into the exact tool,
which is n8n, which allows us to build
automations step by step. Then we looked
at more of the theoretical standpoint to
automations and understanding how
softwares speak to softwares, along with
actually building AI agents, building
workflows, and then putting them into
practice by building tangible systems
that you can implement into businesses.
And I hope that now gave you a lot of
use cases that you can think of when
going out to businesses or even for
yourself to implement. With that said, I
really hope that you enjoyed this n8n
course, and I recommend that you keep
this unnecessarily long course of n8n
and automations in the back pocket
whenever you want to go back to it. With
that being said, I hope you found value
from this video, and I'll see you in the
next one.